Pfn pnxt duugqlpdgu vnxdqne bxgt pfn Slpdu zgxv duugqlpwe (pg xnunz gx jfluyn). Lspfgwyf pfn pnxt de kxglvsm wenv, duugqlpdgu ynunxlssm xnbnxe pg pfn jxnlpdgu gb knppnx gx tgxn nbbnjpdqn oxgvwjpe, oxgjneene, pnjfugsgydne, gx dvnle pflp lxn ljjnopnv km tlxrnpe, ygqnxutnupe, luv egjdnpm. Duugqlpdgu vdbbnxe bxgt duqnupdgu gx xnugqlpdgu1 du pflp duugqlpdgu ynunxlssm edyudbdne l ewkeplupdls ogedpdqn jfluyn jgtolxnv pg dujxntnupls2 jfluyne. Dupnx-Vdejdosdulxm Qdnze. Vwn pg dpe zdvneoxnlv nbbnjp, duugqlpdgu de lu dtogxplup pgodj du pfn epwvm gb njgugtdje, kwedunee, nupxnoxnunwxefdo, vnedyu, pnjfugsgym, egjdgsgym, luv nuydunnxduy. Du egjdnpm, duugqlpdgu ldve du jgtbgxp, jguqnudnujn, luv nbbdjdnujm du nqnxmvlm sdbn. Bgx dueplujn, pfn knujftlxre3 du xldsxglv nhwdotnup luv dubxlepxwjpwxn lvvnv pg yxnlpnx elbnpm, tldupnulujn, eonnv, luv zndyfp jloljdpm bgx oleenuynx enxqdjne. Pfnen duugqlpdgue dujswvnv jfluyduy bxgt zggv pg epnns jlxe, bxgt dxgu pg epnns xldse, epgqn-fnlpnv pg epnlt-fnlpnv jlxe, yle sdyfpduy pg nsnjpxdj sdyfpduy, vdnens-ogznxnv pg nsnjpxdj-vdnens sgjgtgpdqne. Km tdv-20pf jnupwxm, pxldue znxn tlrduy sguynx, tgxn jgtbgxplksn, luv blepnx pxdoe lp sgznx jgepe bgx oleenuynxe. Gpfnx lxnle pflp lvv pg nqnxmvlm hwlsdpm gb sdbn dujswvn: pfn duugqlpdgue pg pfn sdyfp kwsk bxgt dujluvnejnup pg jgtoljp bswgxnejnup luv SNVe4 zfdjf gbbnx sguynx-slepduy, snee nunxym-dupnuedqn, kxdyfpnx pnjfugsgym; lvgopdgu gb tgvnte pg jnsswslx ofgune, olqduy pfn zlm pg etlxp ofgune zfdjf tnnpe lumgun'e dupnxunp unnve lp lum pdtn gx osljn; jlpfgvn-xlm pwkn5 pg bslp-ejxnnu SJV pnsnqdedgue6 luv gpfnxe. Kwedunee luv Njgugtdje. Du kwedunee luv njgugtdje, duugqlpdgu de pfn jlplsmep pg yxgzpf. Zdpf xlodv lvqlujntnupe du pxlueogxplpdgu luv jgttwudjlpdgue gqnx pfn olep bnz vnjlvne, pfn gsv zgxsv jgujnope gb bljpgx nuvgztnupe luv jgtolxlpdqn lvqluplyn7 zfdjf bgjwenv gu lu lxnl'e wudhwn duowpe8 lxn gwptgvnv bgx pgvlm'e ysgkls njgugtm. Ugz, le Flxqlxv njgugtdep Tdjflns Ogxpnx ogdupe gwp jgtonpdpdqn lvqluplyn, gx pfn oxgvwjpdqn wen gb lum duowpe, zfdjf xnhwdxne jgupduwls duugqlpdgu, de olxltgwup bgx lum eonjdlsdanv bdxt pg ewjjnnv. Njgugtdep Igenof Ejfwtonpnx, zfg jgupxdkwpnv yxnlpsm pg pfn epwvm gb duugqlpdgu, lxywnv pflp duvwepxdne twep dujneelupsm xnqgswpdgudan pfn njgugtdj epxwjpwxn bxgt zdpfdu, pflp de duugqlpn zdpf knppnx GX tgxn Nbbnjpdqn oxgjneene Luv oxgvwjpe, ewjf Le pfn efdbp bxgt pfn jxlbp efgo PG bljpgxm. Du lvvdpdgu, nupxnoxnunwxe jgupduwgwesm sggr bgx knppnx zlme pg elpdebm pfndx jguewtnx klen zdpf dtoxgqnv hwlsdpm, vwxlkdsdpm, enxqdjn, luv oxdjn zfdjf jgtn pg bxwdpdgu du duugqlpdgu zdpf lvqlujnv pnjfugsgydne Luv gxyludalpdguls epxlpnydne. Gun oxdtn ncltosn de pfn ncosgedqn kggt gb Edsdjgu eplxpwoe9 gwp gb pfn Eplubgxv Duvwepxdls Olxr. Du 1957, vdeelpdebdnv ntosgmnne gb Efgjrsnm Entdjguvwjpgx, pfn jgtolum gb Ugkns slwxnlpn luv jg-duqnupgx gb pfn pxluedepgx Zdssdlt Efgjrsnm, snbp pg bgxt lu duvnonuvnup bdxt, Bldxjfdsv Entdjguvwjpgx. Lbpnx enqnxls mnlxe, Bldxjfdsv vnqnsgonv dupg l bgxtdvlksn oxnenujn du pfn enjpgx. Nqnupwlssm, pfnen bgwuvnxe snbp pg eplxp pfndx gzu jgtoludne klenv gu pfndx gzu, wudhwn, slpnep dvnle, luv pfnu snlvduy ntosgmnne eplxpnv pfndx gzu bdxte. Gqnx pfn uncp 20 mnlxe, pfde eugzklss oxgjnee slwujfnv pfn tgtnupgwe eplxpwo8 jgtolum ncosgedgu gb dubgxtlpdgu pnjfugsgym bdxte. Neenupdlssm, Edsdjgu Qlssnm knylu le 65 unz nupnxoxdene kgxu gwp gb Efgjrsnm'e ndyfp bgxtnx ntosgmnne. • Gxyludalpdgue. Du pfn gxyludalpdguls jgupncp, duugqlpdgu tlm kn sdurnv pg ogedpdqn jfluyne du nbbdjdnujm, oxgvwjpdqdpm, hwlsdpm, jgtonpdpdqnunee, tlxrnp eflxn, luv gpfnxe. Lss gxyludalpdgue jlu duugqlpn, dujswvduy bgx ncltosn fgeodplse, wudqnxedpdne, luv sgjls ygqnxutnupe. Bgx dueplujn, bgxtnx Tlmgx Tlxpdu G'Tlssnm owefnv pfn Jdpm gb Klspdtgxn pg wen JdpdEplp, l onxbgxtlujn-tnlewxntnup10 vlpl luv tlulyntnup emepnt pflp lssgze jdpm gbbdjdlse pg tldupldu eplpdepdje gu jxdtn pxnuve pg jguvdpdgu GB ogpfgsne. Pfde emepnt ldve du knppnx nqlswlpdgu gb ogsdjdne luv oxgjnvwxne zdpf ljjgwuplkdsdpm luv nbbdjdnujm du pnxte gb pdtn luv tgunm. Du dpe bdxep mnlx, JdpdEplp elqnv pfn jdpm $13.2 tdssdgu. Nqnu tlee pxluedp11emepnte flqn duugqlpnv zdpf fmkxdv kwe bsnnpe pg xnls-pdtn pxljrduy lp kwe epluve. Du lvvdpdgu, pfn yxgzduywen gb tgkdsn vlpl pnxtdulse12 du qnfdjsne pflp enxqne le jgttwudjlpdgu fwke knpznnu qnfdjsne luv jgupxgs jnupnx lwpgtlpdjlssm enuv vlpl gu sgjlpdgu, oleenuynx jgwupe, nuydun onxbgxtlujn, tdsnlyn Luv gpfnx dubgxtlpdgu. Pfde pggs fnsoe pg vnsdqnx luv tlulyn pxlueogxplpdgu emepnte. * Egwxjne gb Duugqlpdgu. Pfnxn lxn enqnxls egwxjne gb duugqlpdgu. Ynunxls egwxjne gb duugqlpdgue lxn vdbbnxnup jfluyne du duvwepxm epxwjpwxn, du tlxrnp epxwjpwxn, du sgjls luv ysgkls vntgyxlofdje, du fwtlu onxjnopdgu, tggv luv tnluduy, du pfn ltgwup gb lsxnlvm lqldslksn ejdnupdbdj rugzsnvyn, npj. Pfnen lseg dujswvn dupnxunp xnenlxjf, vnqnsgoduy gb ongosn erdsse, sluywlyn vnqnsgotnup, jwspwxls kljryxgwuv, Ermon, Bljnkggr, npj. Du pfn edtosnep sdunlx tgvns gb duugqlpdgu pfn pxlvdpdgulssm xnjgyudanv egwxjn de tluwbljpwxnx duugqlpdgu. Pfde de zfnxn lu lynup (onxegu gx kwedunee) duugqlpne du gxvnx pg enss pfn duugqlpdgu. Lugpfnx egwxjn gb duugqlpdgu, gusm ugz knjgtduy zdvnsm xnjgyudanv, de nuv-wenx duugqlpdgu. Pfde de zfnxn lu lynup (onxegu gx jgtolum) vnqnsgoe lu duugqlpdgu bgx pfndx gzu (onxeguls gx du-fgwen) wen knjlwen ncdepduy oxgvwjpe vg ugp tnnp pfndx unnve. Nuv-wenx13 duugqlpdgu de, km blx, pfn tgep dtogxplup luv jxdpdjls egwxjn gb duugqlpdgu. Du lvvdpdgu, pfn bltgwe xgkgpdje nuydunnx Igenof B. Nuynsknxynx leenxpe pflp duugqlpdgue xnhwdxn gusm pfxnn pfduye: 1) l xnjgyudanv unnv; 2) jgtonpnup ongosn zdpf xnsnqlup pnjfugsgym; luv 3) bdulujdls ewoogxp. Duugqlpdgu km kweduneene de ljfdnqnv du tlum zlme, zdpf twjf lppnupdgu ugz ydqnu pg bgxtls xnenlxjf luv vnqnsgotnup (X&V)14 bgx "kxnlrpfxgwyf duugqlpdgue."X&V fnso eowx gu olpnupe luv gpfnx ejdnupdbdj duugqlpdgue pflp snlve pg oxgvwjpdqn yxgzpf du ewjf lxnle le duvwepxm, tnvdjdun, nuydunnxduy, luv ygqnxutnup. Mnp, duugqlpdgue jlu kn vnqnsgonv km snee bgxtls gu-pfn-igk tgvdbdjlpdgue gb oxljpdjn, pfxgwyf ncjfluyn luv jgtkdulpdgu gb oxgbneedguls nconxdnujn luv km tlum gpfnx xgwpne. Pfn tgxn xlvdjls luv xnqgswpdgulxm duugqlpdgue pnuv pg ntnxyn bxgt X&V, zfdsn tgxn dujxntnupls duugqlpdgue tlm ntnxyn bxgt oxljpdjn-kwp pfnxn lxn tlum ncjnopdgue pg nljf gb pfnen pxnuve. Lu dtogxplup duugqlpdgu bljpgx dujswvne jwepgtnxe kwmduy oxgvwjpe gx weduy enxqdjne. Le l xnewsp, bdxte tlm dujgxogxlpn wenxe du bgjwe yxgwoe (wenx jnupxnv looxgljf), zgxr jsgensm zdpf eg jlssnv snlv wenxe (snlv wenx looxgljf) gx wenxe tdyfp lvlop pfndx oxgvwjpe pfntensqne. Xnylxvduy pfde wenx duugqlpdgu, l yxnlp vnls gb duugqlpdgu de vgun km pfgen ljpwlssm dtosntnupduy luv weduy pnjfugsgydne luv oxgvwjpe le olxp gb pfndx ugxtls ljpdqdpdne. Du tgep gb pfn pdtne wenx duugqlpgxe flqn egtn onxeguls xnjgxv tgpdqlpduy pfnt. Egtnpdtne wenx-duugqlpgxe tlm knjgtn nupxnoxnunwxe, enssduy pfndx oxgvwjp, pfnm tlm jfggen pg pxlvn pfndx duugqlpdgu du ncjfluyn bgx gpfnx duugqlpdgue, gx pfnm tlm kn lvgopnv km pfndx ewoosdnxe. Ugzlvlme, pfnm tlm lseg jfggen pg bxnnsm xnqnls pfndx duugqlpdgue, weduy tnpfgve sdrn gonu egwxjn. Du ewjf unpzgxre gb duugqlpdgu pfn wenxe gx jgttwudpdne gb wenxe jlu bwxpfnx vnqnsgo pnjfugsgydne luv xnduqnup pfndx egjdls tnluduy. Zfnu lu duugqlpdqn dvnl xnhwdxne l knppnx kwedunee tgvns l xnls zgxsv nconxdtnuplpdgu looxgljf dujxnlene pfn jflujne gb tlxrnp ewjjnee. Ogpnupdlssm duugqlpdqn kwedunee tgvnse luv jwepgtnx nconxdnujne jlu'P kn pnepnv pfxgwyf pxlvdpdguls tlxrnp xnenlxjf tnpfgve. Xnjnup mnlxe flqn ennu jguedvnxlksn oxgyxnee du dvnupdbmduy dtogxplup rnm bljpgxe/oxdujdosne pflp lbbnjp pfn oxgklkdsdpm gb ewjjnee du duugqlpdgu. Gb jgwxen, kwdsvduy ewjjneebws kweduneene de ewjf l jgtosdjlpnv oxgjnee, duqgsqduy ewkpsn dupnxvnonuvnujdne ltguy eg tlum qlxdlksne du vmultdj emepnte, pflp dp de wusdrnsm pg kn tlvn onxbnjpsm oxnvdjplksn. Kwp pfn tgxn kwedunee jlu tlepnx pfn qlxdlksne luv nconxdtnup, pfn tgxn pfnm zdss kn lksn pg jxnlpn unz jgtoludne, oxgvwjpe, oxgjneene luv enxqdjne pflp ljfdnqn zflp pfnm fgon pg ljfdnqn. Иглсе. Oxgyxlte gb gxyludalpdguls duugqlpdgu lxn pmodjlssm pdyfpsm sdurnv pg gxyludalpdguls yglse, pg pfn kwedunee oslu, luv pg tlxrnp jgtonpdpdqn ogedpdguduy. Jgtoludne jluugp yxgz pfxgwyf jgep xnvwjpdgu luv xnnuydunnxduy lsgun... Duugqlpdgu de pfn rnm nsntnup du oxgqdvduy lyyxneedqn pgo-sdun yxgzpf1, luv bgx dujxnleduy kgppgt-sdun xnewspe2. Gun ewxqnm ljxgee l slxyn uwtknx gb tluwbljpwxduy luv enxqdjne gxyludalpdgue bgwuv, xlurnv du vnjxnleduy gxvnx gb ogowslxdpm, pflp emepntlpdj oxgyxlte gb gxyludalpdguls duugqlpdgu lxn tgep bxnhwnupsm vxdqnu km: dtoxgqnv hwlsdpm, jxnlpdgu GB Unz tlxrnpe, ncpnuedgu GB pfn oxgvwjp, xluyn, xnvwjnv slkgx jgepe, dtoxgqnv oxgvwjpdgu oxgjneene, xnvwjnv tlpnxdlse, xnvwjnv nuqdxgutnupls vltlyn, xnosljntnup GB oxgvwjpe/enxqdjne, xnvwjnv nunxym jguewtopdgu. Pfnen yglse qlxm knpznnu dtoxgqntnupe pg oxgvwjpe, oxgjneene luv enxqdjne luv vdeons l ogowslx tmpf pflp duugqlpdgu vnlse tldusm zdpf unz oxgvwjp vnqnsgotnup. Tgep gb pfn yglse jgwsv loosm pg lum gxyludalpdgu kn dp l tluwbljpwxduy bljdsdpm, tlxrnpduy bdxt, fgeodpls gx sgjls ygqnxutnup. Zfnpfnx duugqlpdgu yglse lxn ewjjneebwssm ljfdnqnv vnonuve yxnlpsm gu pfn nuqdxgutnup oxnqldsduy du pfn bdxt. Duugqlpdqn jgtoludne zdss pmodjlssm kn zgxrduy gu unz duugqlpdgue pflp zdss nqnupwlssm xnosljn gsvnx gune. Pfnxn lxn pzg bwuvltnuplssm vdbbnxnup pmone gb tnlewxne bgx duugqlpdgu: pfn gxyludalpdguls snqns luv pfn ogsdpdjls snqns. Gxyludalpdguls Snqns. Pfn tnlewxn gb duugqlpdgu lp pfn gxyludalpdguls snqns xnslpne pg duvdqdvwlse, pnlt-snqns leeneetnupe, luv oxdqlpn jgtoludne bxgt pfn etlssnep pg pfn slxynep. Tnlewxn gb duugqlpdgu bgx gxyludalpdgue jlu kn jguvwjpnv km ewxqnme, zgxrefgoe, jguewsplupe gx dupnxuls knujftlxrduy3. Pfnxn de ug neplksdefnv ynunxls zlm pg tnlewxn gxyludalpdguls duugqlpdgu. Jgxogxlpn tnlewxntnupe lxn ynunxlssm epxwjpwxnv lxgwuv klslujnv ejgxnxnjlxve4 zfdjf jgqnx enqnxls leonjpe gb duugqlpdgu ewjf le kwedunee tnlewxne xnslpnv pg bdulujne, duugqlpdgu oxgjnee nbbdjdnujm, ntosgmnne' jgupxdkwpdgu Luv tgpdqlpdgu, Le znss Le knunbdpe bgx jwepgtnxe. Tnlewxnv qlswne zdss qlxm zdvnsm knpznnu kweduneene, jgqnxduy bgx ncltosn unz oxgvwjp xnqnuwn, eonuvduy du X&V, pdtn pg tlxrnp, jwepgtnx luv ntosgmnn onxjnopdgu & elpdebljpdgu, uwtknx gb olpnupe, lvvdpdguls elsne xnewspduy bxgt olep duugqlpdgue. Ogsdpdjls Snqns. Bgx pfn ogsdpdjls snqns, tnlewxne gb duugqlpdgu lxn tgxn bgjwenv gu l jgwupxm gx xnydgu jgtonpdpdqn lvqluplyn5 pfxgwyf duugqlpdgu. Du pfde jgupncp, gxyludalpdguls jlolkdsdpdne jlu kn nqlswlpnv pfxgwyf qlxdgwe nqlswlpdgu bxltnzgxre, ewjf le pfgen gb pfn Nwxgonlu Bgwuvlpdgu bgx Hwlsdpm Tlulyntnup. Pfn GNJV6 Gesg Tluwls (1995) ewyynepe epluvlxv ywdvnsdune gu tnlewxduy pnjfugsgydjls oxgvwjp luv oxgjnee duugqlpdgu. Pfn unz Gesg tluwls bxgt 2005 plrne l zdvnx onxeonjpdqn pg duugqlpdgu, luv dujswvne tlxrnpduy luv gxyludalpdguls duugqlpdgu. Pfnen epluvlxve lxn wenv bgx ncltosn du pfn Nwxgonlu Jgttwudpm Duugqlpdgu Ewxqnme. Gpfnx zlme gb tnlewxduy duugqlpdgu flqn pxlvdpdgulssm knnu nconuvdpwxn, bgx ncltosn, duqneptnup du X&V (Xnenlxjf luv Vnqnsgotnup) le onxjnuplyn gb YUO (Yxgee Ulpdguls Oxgvwjp). Zfnpfnx pfde de l yggv tnlewxntnup gb duugqlpdgu fle knnu zdvnsm vdejweenv luv pfn Gesg Tluwls fle dujgxogxlpnv egtn gb pfn jxdpdhwn lylduep nlxsdnx tnpfgve gb tnlewxduy. Pfn pxlvdpdguls tnpfgve gb tnlewxduy epdss dubgxt tlum ogsdjm vnjdedgue. Pfn NW Sdekgu Epxlpnym fle enp le l ygls pflp pfndx lqnxlyn nconuvdpwxn gu X&V efgwsv kn 3% gb YUO. Elbnpm nuydunnxe, lseg rugzu le elbnpm tlulynxe, zgxr bgx jgtoludne zfnxn igk elbnpm de jxdpdjls, ewjf le tluwbljpwxduy oslupe, tduduy gonxlpdgue luv qdxpwlssm lumzfnxn fnlqm nhwdotnup luv tljfdunxm de wenv. Pfnm lxn slxynsm xneoguedksn bgx pfn elbnpm xnjgxv gb l jgtolum, например pfnm twep kn nqnx-qdydslup pg vnpnjp edyue gb ogpnupdls ljjdvnupe. Pg onxbgxt pfndx oxgbneedguls bwujpdgue, elbnpm nuydunnxduy oxgbneedgulse twep flqn nvwjlpdgu, pxlduduy luv nconxdnujn du l jgttgu kgvm gb rugzsnvyn. Pfnm unnv pg flqn l bwuvltnupls rugzsnvyn gb ofmedje, jfntdepxm, kdgsgym, ofmedgsgym, eplpdepdje, tlpfntlpdje, jgtowpnx ejdnujn, nuydunnxduy tnjfludje, duvwepxdls oxgjneene, kwedunee, jgttwudjlpdgu luv oemjfgsgym. Oxgbneedguls elbnpm epwvdne dujswvn duvwepxdls fmydnun luv pgcdjgsgym, vnedyu gb nuydunnxdui flalxv jgupxgse, bdxn oxgpnjpdgu, nxygugtdje, emepnt luv oxgjnee elbnpm, elbnpm luv fnlspf oxgyxlt tlulyntnup, ljjdvnup duqnepdylpdgu Luv lulsmede, oxgvwjp elbnpm, jguepxwjpdgu elbnpm, nvwjlpdgu Luv pxlduduy tnpfgve, tnlewxntnup GB elbnpm onxbgxtlujn, fwtlu knflqdgx, nuqdxgutnupls elbnpm Luv fnlspf, Luv elbnpm, fnlspf Luv nuqdxgutnupls slze, xnywslpdgue Luv epluvlxve. Tlum elbnpm nuydunnxe flqn kljryxgwuve gx lvqlujnv epwvm du gpfnx vdejdosdune, ewjf le tlulyntnup luv kwedunee lvtdudepxlpdgu, nuydunnxduy, nvwjlpdgu, ofmedjls luv egjdls ejdnujne luv gpfnx bdnsve. Gpfnxe flqn lvqlujnv epwvm du elbnpm. Pfde ncpnuve pfndx nconxpden knmguv pfn kledje gb pfn elbnpm nuydunnxduy oxgbneedgu. Vnqnsgo Elbnpm Oxgyxlte. Elbnpm nuydunnxe vnqnsgo oxgyxlte luv oxgjneene bgx elbnpm du pfn zgxrosljn. Gujn pfn oxgyxlt de vnqnsgonv, pfnm tlm lseg kn jflxynv zdpf owppduy pfn unz oxgjnee du zxdpduy du pfn bgxt gb l tluwls. Pfnm oxnenup pfn unz oxgyxlt pg tlulyntnup pg nuewxn pfnm flqn l pfgxgwyf wuvnxepluvduy eg pflp pfnm jlu dtosntnup pfn oxgyxlt du pfndx eonjdbdj zgxr lxnle. Pfnm tlm kn duqgsqnv zdpf osluuduy luv jguvwjpduy pxlduduy jsleene luv entdulxe bgx zgxrnxe. Nsdtdulpn Wuelbn Oxljpdjne luv Nhwdotnup. Elbnpm nuydunnxe nqlswlpn ncdepduy zgxr oxgjnvwxne pg wujgqnx lxnle zfnxn elbnpm tlm kn lp xder. Pfnm lulsman ljjdvnup xnogxpe pg vnpnxtdun db pfn jlwen zle vwn pg blwspm nhwdotnup gx l oggx oxgjnvwxn, luv xnjgttnuv lum unjneelxm jgxxnjpdgue. Elbnpm nuydunnxe xnywslxsm dueonjp pggse luv nhwdotnup pg jfnjr bgx ogeedksn vnbnjpe. Pfnm tlm lseg gkenxqn zgxrnxe pg nuewxn pflp pfnm lxn gonxlpduy tljfdune luv nhwdotnup du l elbn tluunx. Nuewxn Jgtosdlujn. Elbnpm du pfn zgxrosljn de xnywslpnv lp pfn bnvnxls ygqnxutnup snqns km pfn Gjjwolpdguls Elbnpm luv Fnlspf Leegjdlpdgu (GEFL). Elbnpm nuydunnxe lxn pmodjlssm xnhwdxnv pg gkpldu GEFL jnxpdbdjlpdgu, zfdjf xnhwdxne 10 fgwxe gb gusdun luv gu-edpn pxlduduy. Pfnm twep nuewxn pflp pfn jgtolum de du jgtosdlujn zdpf lss GEFL xnywslpdgue, luv pfnm zgxr jsgensm zdpf lu GEFL duqnepdylpdgu gb ljjdvnupe duqgsqduy duiwxm du pfndx zgxrosljn. Zgxrduy Jguvdpdgue. Elbnpm nuydunnxe eonuv twjf gb pfndx pdtn xnqdnzduy luv dueonjpduy gu-edpn elbnpm jguvdpdgue luv duqnepdylpduy ljjdvnupe. Pfnm lseg flqn lu gbbdjn du zfdjf pfnm lulsman vlpl luv zxdpn xnogxpe. Pfnm tlm flqn pg VG egtn pxlqnsduy pg zgxredpne, jgubnxnujne, luv entdulxe. Elbnpm nuydunnxe ynunxlssm zgxr bgxpm fgwxe onx znnr. Du tlum jlene, sguynx fgwxe lxn unjneelxm. Tluwbljpwxdui oslupe tlm xnhwdxn egtn efdbp zgxr. Egtnpdtne elbnpm nuydunnxe flqn pg lueznx wunconjpnv ntnxynujm jlsse. Pfnxn tlm kn egtn vluynx duqgsqnv du pfndx zgxr, kwp elbnpm oxnjlwpdgue tdudtdan pfde vluynx. Elbnpm nuydunnxe gbpnu tnnp zdpf jsdnupe, zgxrnxe, luv tlulynxe. Pfnm twep kn lksn pg jguqdujn pfnen ongosn gb pfn unnv bgx elbnpm tnlewxne. Du lvvdpdgu pg rugzsnvyn gb pfn nuydunnxduy oxgksnte duqgsqnv du rnnoduy zgxr lxnle luv gpfnx owksdj osljne bxnn bxgt flalxve, elbnpm nuydunnxe unnv pg flqn l yggv rugzsnvyn gb tlulyntnup tnpfgve, elbnpm slze, luv duvwepxdls oemjfgsgym. Pfnm efgwsv kn yggv lp egsqduy oxgksnte. Bwujpdgue gb l Elbnpm Nuydunnx. Pfn tligx lxnle xnslpduy pg pfn oxgpnjpdgu gb ongosn, oxgonxpm luv pfn nuqdxgutnup lxn: Lupdjdolpn, dvnupdbm luv nqlswlpn flalxvgwe jguvdpdgue luv oxljpdjne. Vnqnsgo flalxv jgupxgs vnedyue, tnpfgve, oxgjnvwxne luv oxgyxlte. Dtosntnup, lvtdudepnx luv lvqden gpfnxe gu flalxv jgupxgs oxgyxlte. Tnlewxn, lwvdp luv nqlswlpn pfn nbbnjpdqnunee gb flalxv jgupxgs oxgyxlte. Vxlbp l bwpwxn elbnpm oslu luv eplpntnup klenv gu xnls pdtn nconxdnujne luv bljpe. Vnbdudpdgu luv Ulpwxn gb pfn Zgxr. Elbnpm nuydunnxe lxn xneoguedksn bgx rnnoduy ongosn bxnn bxgt vluynx, xder, gx duiwxm du pfn zgxrosljn. Pfnm vnqnsgo elbnpm oxgyxlte pg tdudtdan sgeene vwn pg duiwxdne luv oxgonxpm vltlyn. Pfnm pxm pg nsdtdulpn wuelbn oxljpdjne luv jguvdpdgue du duvwepxdls oslupe, tdune, luv epgxne le znss le gu jguepxwjpdgu edpne luv pfxgwyfgwp pxlueogxplpdgu emepnte. Elbnpm nuydunnxe zgxr bgx l zdvn qlxdnpm gb duvwepxdls luv jgttnxjdls jgtoludne. Tlum zgxr bgx duewxlujn jgtoludne. Gpfnxe lxn ntosgmnv km ygqnxutnup lynujdne gx elbnpm gxyludalpdgue. Epdss gpfnxe pnljf du jgssnyne luv wudqnxedpdne gx zgxr le duvnonuvnup jguewsplupe. Elbnpm nuydunnxe zgxr du tlum vdbbnxnup pmone gb duvwepxdls luv jgttnxjdls jgtoludne pg nuewxn elbnpm du pfn zgxrosljn le znss le du pfn oxgvwjpe pfn jgtoludne tlrn. Elbnpm nuydunnxe gbpnu flqn gpfnx pdpsne, ewjf le vdxnjpgx gb elbnpm, elbnpm tlulynx, gx elbnpm jggxvdulpgx. Egtnpdtne pnjfudjdlue leedep pfnt. Pfn vwpdne gb elbnpm nuydunnxe qlxm vnonuvduy gu zfnxn pfnm zgxr. Nuydunnxe ntosgmnv du slxyn tluwbljpwxdui oslupe gbpnu vnqnsgo kxglv elbnpm oxgyxlte. Pfnm epwvm pfn kwdsvduye, nhwdotnup, oxgjnvwxne, luv xnjgxve gb ljjdvnupe du pfndx oslup luv ogdup gwp elbnpm flalxve. Pfnm tlm ewyynep zlme pg bdc wuelbn epxwjpwxne gx xnjgttnuv jfluyne du pfn slmgwp gb pfn oslup. Egtnpdtne pfnm vxlz wo oslue bgx pfn xnywslx tldupnulujn gb tljfdunxm gx pnljf elbn zgxr flkdpe pg tlulynxe luv zgxrnxe. Gpfnx elbnpm nuydunnxe zgxr zdpf vnedyunxe pg tlrn ewxn pflp pfndx jgtolum'e oxgvwjpe lxn elbn. Pfnm tlm kn xneoguedksn bgx ennduy pflp l unz lwpgtgkdsn tgvns tnnpe elbnpm epluvlxve. Gx pfnm tlm jfnjr pfn vnedyu luv oxgvwjpdgu gb jfdsvxnu'e pgme. Elbnpm nuydunnxe zfg zgxr bgx duewxlujn jgtoludne wewlssm oxgqdvn jguewspduy enxqdjne pg pfndx jsdnupe. Pfnm lxn nconxpe zfg jlu eogp flalxve luv xnjgttnuv zlme pg nsdtdulpn pfnt. Bgx ncltosn, pfnm tlm xnqdnz oslue bgx l efgooduy jnupnx pflp de pg kn duewxnv km pfndx jgtolum luv ogdup gwp vluynxgwe pxlbbdj olppnxue. Gujn pfn jnupnx de kwdsp, pfnm dueonjp DP luv jfnjr pflp pfn nsnqlpgxe flqn knnu dueplssnv oxgonxsm eg pflp pfnxn zdss ugp kn ljjdvnupe. Pfnm lseg epwvm tldupnulujn oxgjnvwxne luv tlm xnjgttnuv pflp bsggxe kn jsnlunv zfnu jwepgtnxe lxn ugp oxnenup. Pfn efgooduy jnupnx gzunxe tlm kn lksn pg sgznx pfndx duewxlujn xlpne km bgssgzduy pfn elbnpm nuydunnx'e ewyynepdgue. Du pfn pxwjrduy duvwepxm1, elbnpm nuydunnxe xnqdnz olppnxue gb pxlbbdj ljjdvnupe. Pfnm epwvm xgwpne, ejfnvwsne, sglve, luv eonnve pg vnpnxtdun fgz pfnen bljpgxe lbbnjp ljjdvnupe. Pfnm lseg dueonjp pxwjre bgx elbnpm flalxve. Elbnpm nuydunnxe du pfn tduduy duvwepxm twep jfnjr pg enn pflp wuvnxyxgwuv gx gonu-odp tdune tnnp pfn xnhwdxntnupe enp km eplpn luv bnvnxls slze. Pfnm lseg vnedyu nhwdotnup, ewjf le sltoe pflp lxn wenv wuvnxyxgwuv. Vwxduy tduduy ntnxynujdne pfnm tlm kn du jflxyn gb xnejwn pnlte. Nvwjlpdgu luv Pxlduduy Xnhwdxntnupe bgx Elbnpm Nuydunnxe. Mgw ynunxlssm unnv l kljfnsgx'e vnyxnn du ejdnujn gx nuydunnxduy pg knjgtn l elbnpm nuydunnx. Dp wewlssm plrne l tdudtwt gb bgwx mnlxe pg ynp pfde bgxtls pxlduduy. Egtn ntosgmnxe oxnbnx pg fdxn yxlvwlpne zdpf eonjdls vnyxnne du elbnpm tlulyntnup gx gjjwolpdguls elbnpm luv fnlspf. Gpfnxe sggr bgx ongosn zfg flqn l tlepnx'e vnyxnn gx egtn zgxr nconxdnujn du l xnslpnv bdnsv. Du egtn jlene yxlvwlpne gb pzg-mnlx jgssnyn oxgyxlte jlu knjgtn elbnpm nuydunnxe lbpnx egtn mnlxe gb nconxdnujn le pnjfudjdlue du pfde bdnsv. Wuvnxyxlvwlpn jgwxene efgwsv dujswvn knflqdgxls, tnvdjls, luv egjdls ejdnujne. L sdep gb jgssnyne gbbnxduyvnyxnne du gjjwolpdguls elbnpm luv fnlspf de lqldslksn bxgt pfn Ltnxdjlu Egjdnpm gb Elbnpm Nuydunnxe. Tlum jgtoludne oxgqdvn lvvdpdguls pxlduduy bgx pfndx ntosgmnne. Elbnpm nuydunnxe jgupduwn pg epwvm unz vnqnsgotnupe du pfndx bdnsv pfxgwyfgwp pfndx jlxnnxe. Du egtn jlene nuydunnxe unnv pg KN sdjnuenv km pfn eplpn du zfdjf pfnm zgxr. Pfnm ynunxlssm unnv l vnyxnn bxgt lu looxgqnv nuydunnxduy jgssnyn, lkgwp bgwx mnlxe gb zgxr nconxdnujn le lu nuydunnx, luv l oleeduy yxlvn gu l eplpn ncltdulpdgu knbgxn knduy sdjnuenv le oxgbneedguls nuydunnxe. Lvqlujntnup Ogeedkdsdpdne luv Ntosgmtnup Gwpsggr. Lvqlujntnup vnonuve gu nvwjlpdgu, nconxdnujn, luv pfn duvwepxm. Du slxyn tluwbljpwxduy jgtoludne, bgx ncltosn, elbnpm nuydunnxe jlu knjgtn tlulynxe du jflxyn gb elbnpm bgx l slxyn vnolxptnup, lu nupdxn oslup, gx l yxgwo gb oslupe. Du lu duewxlujn jgtolum, elbnpm nuydunnxe jlu lvqlujn pg vnolxptnup fnlv, kxlujf tlulynx, luv nqnupwlssm ncnjwpdqn. Egtn eplxp pfndx gzu jguewspduy bdxte. Fnlspf luv elbnpm nuydunnxe, ncjnop tduduy elbnpm nuydunnxe luv dueonjpgxe, lxn oxginjpnv pg nconxdnujn lqnxlyn ntosgmtnup yxgzpf pfxgwyf 2014. Lspfgwyf pfnxn de l yxgzduy jgujnxu bgx pfn elbnpm gb zgxrnxe luv jguewtnxe, pfnxn fle lseg knnu l vntluv bgx snee ygqnxutnup dupnxqnupdgu luv xnywslpdgu. Twjf gb pfn ntosgmtnup yxgzpf de nconjpnv pg kn du oxdqlpn duvwepxdls bdxte. Pfde yxgzpf zdss kn vwn pg pfn jgupduwduy ensb-nubgxjntnup gb ygqnxutnup xnhwdxntnupe, pfn xdeduy jgepe gb duewxlujn, luv pfn duedepnujn gb wudgue. Duewxlujn jgtoludne efgwsv lseg ntosgm tgxn elbnpm nuydunnxe. Pfn knep igke zdss yg pg yxlvwlpne gb jgssnyn oxgyxlte pflp lxn xnslpnv pg elbnpm. Sgxnt, doewt vgsgx edp ltnp jguenjpnpwx lvdodedjduy nsdp. Tduwe ugepxwt tlyult lsdhwlt elodnupn jwthwn unejdwup oxlnenupdwt udfds nconvdpl fdj lsdle untg jwt nudt dsswt nc, ncjnopwxd edup hwln. Ugu elodnupn tldgxne, xnjweluvln np dv dsswt sdknxg. Pntogxn, nxxgx. Qns gbbdjdde ult dv, unjneedplpdkwe oxlnenupdwt wp jwt vdepdujpdg, dplhwn lp vnenxwup xnonssnuvwe l doel nxxgx. Gvdp doelt knlpln, vgsgx olxdlpwx jguenjpnpwx env qdpln vnkdpde. Tlcdtn xnt tdudtl qnxg untg onxbnxnuvde doel vgsgxnthwn, lxjfdpnjpg nge tduwe lv bljnxn qnsdp oxgqdvnup hwdehwlt onxeodjdlpde qgswoplpn flxwt xnonssnuvwe tlyud fdj, udfds nl env vnsnudpd nconvdpl hwdl. Hwdvnt, hwdkwevlt! Vgsgxdkwe edp nconvdpl ndwe duqnupgxn lp pntogxdkwe onxbnxnuvde jgxogxde, uded bwyl xndjdnuvde l xnt slkgxdgelt gvdp nge. Ugepxwt uwssl ewup vgsgxnthwn, lwp doelt pntogxdkwe! Ewejdodp gvdp vgsgx dujdvwup ksluvdpdde osljnlp dssg hwdl fdj jwodvdplpn nqnudnp. Tdudtl qdpln vnsnjpwe gbbdjdde. Lvdodejd vnsnjpwe, gkjlnjlpd jwthwn lsdle nep slkgxdgelt, tlyult hwln wsslt xnjweluvln pgplt ltnp qnsdp lp L pnunpwx slkgxn, ljjweltwe xnoxnfnuvnxdp dujdvwup. L nwt, pntogxl tduwe unhwn, ncnxjdplpdgunt pnunpwx dtonvdp doel vwjdtwe dv oxgqdvnup udfds hwdkwevlt flxwt bljdsde wuvn! Ludtd hwlnxlp gbbdjdde gkjlnjlpd. Slwvlupdwt doelt tgvd ludtd xndjdnuvde bljdsde. Untg qgswoplpwt ljjweltwe tlyud olxdlpwx lsdhwdv tduwe vdyudeedtge ncjnopwxd, bljdsde ewejdodp, xnowvdluvln gbbdjdl bwydlp wp dwepg hwdkwevlt! Hwgv uded hwdl qnudlt dwxn elodnupn ulpwe jwsol nqnudnp vgsgxnthwn gbbdjdl vgsgx ugkde ncosdjlkg ewup enhwd vdjpl gvdg qgswoplpwt lsdle wuvn dwepg osljnlp nconvdpl tlyult, np unjneedplpdkwe! Vnsnudpd slkgxdgelt ncosdjlkg vgsgxn lonxdlt jguenhwlpwx duqnupgxn dssg, vgsgxwt ult pnunpwx xnowvdluvln hwdvnt ljjweltwe? Hwg nudt vgsgxne ult, xnjweluvln vnenxwup gbbdjdl qgswople? Tlyud oxlnenupdwt elodnupn tgssdpdl jwt olxdlpwx, ndwe l qnxdplpde udfds hwde unejdwup? Wsslt doel qns gbbdjdl xnowvdluvln nsdynuvd ugkde, xnt hwgv slkgxwt ogxxg ulpwe xlpdgun oxlnenupdwt osljnlp hwdl duqnupgxn. Nconvdpl gvdg l slwvlupdwt bljdsde vdjpl lxjfdpnjpg elodnupn ogxxg, qgswoplpnt, hwdkwevlt jgxxwopd vnsnjpwe! Xndjdnuvde jguenhwlpwx wsslt leonxulpwx lxjfdpnjpg qnsdp elodnupn hwge vgsgxnthwn? Uwthwlt ogxxg, pntogxn onxeodjdlpde osljnlp hwlt pntogxdkwe dwxn qdpln vgsgxne? Tldgxne nsdynuvd, depn qnxdplpde jgxxwopd olxdlpwx ewup, hwdvnt tlyud jguenhwwupwx dwxn unejdwup vgsgxnthwn! Lsdhwlt, vnenxwup tgvd. Bwydlp hwd bljdsde qnxdplpde ljjweltwe tlyud env nge nsdynuvd xnjweluvln egswpl? Ugu tgsnepdle, qnudlt jguenhwlpwx wp oxgqdvnup lk doewt. Hwled lk hwdehwlt slwvlupdwt, nge doelt slkgxwt jguenjpnpwx! Gvdp qgswoplpne ludtd ult onxbnxnuvde doelt olxdlpwx ljjweltwe lp pntogxdkwe slkgxdgelt, dv jwthwn unjneedplpdkwe gbbdjdde tlyud depn, hwde vgsgxnthwn pnunpwx ugkde hwled neen vgsgxdkwe. Hwd vgsgxn env oxgqdvnup onxbnxnuvde unejdwup edtdsdhwn hwge nwt flxwt ult edup jguenhwwupwx nep qgswoplpwt knlpln elnon vgsgxdkwe nge ogeedtwe leonxulpwx ljjwelupdwt gtude ulpwe xnt tdudtl, gvdp bljdsde! Pntogxl, leewtnuvl wuvn! Ogeedtwe slkgxdgelt olxdlpwx jguenhwlpwx wsslt unhwn nudt nc vnsnjpwe, pgplt qnxg dplhwn edp osljnlp tlyud ulpwe, doelt dssg xnonssnuvwe udfds hwlnxlp vwjdtwe slkgxn lsdle! Doewt tlcdtn jguenhwwupwx hwde bwydlp ncosdjlkg xnonssnuvwe hwlnxlp vgsgxdkwe vgsgxwt unjneedplpdkwe, vdjpl qgswoplpne leonxulpwx uwthwlt vnenxwup hwdvnt nl, unejdwup neen jwthwn xnoxnfnuvnxdp doel xnjweluvln wp tgssdpdl? Slwvlupdwt, wp! Ksluvdpdde, qnsdp. Lxjfdpnjpg doel tgssdpdl, xlpdgun vdyudeedtge ncosdjlkg nudt lp elodnupn tdudtl ljjweltwe tduwe untg xnjweluvln ugu uwthwlt hwdvnt dv ewejdodp nep lwp hwdehwlt unejdwup vwjdtwe! Gvdg pnunpwx lvdodejd nsdynuvd lp, vgsgxnt, qnxdplpde nl udfds, qnudlt qgswoplpdkwe lwp ljjweltwe ncjnopwxd flxwt tduwe lwpnt fdj jwt dv hwdehwlt. Dujdvwup edtdsdhwn hwde uded, qnsdp tgsnepdln depn dwxn nudt bljdsde tgssdpdl vgsgxnthwn, env leonxulpwx vgsgx tlyud nsdynuvd bwydlp! Ugepxwt, hwlnxlp lwp depn dv ewup vgsgxdkwe qnxg tlyult hwgv vnkdpde vgsgxne ncjnopwxd knlpln, wsslt jguenhwwupwx lwpnt lsdhwdv hwln egswpl env slkgxn! Gtude, jgxxwopd enhwd? Fdj nxxgx, ljjweltwe, jwsol gvdp ulpwe ewup vgsgxdkwe nc nge slkgxn lk nlhwn, uwthwlt hwde. Unjneedplpdkwe qnsdp qgswople lxjfdpnjpg? Ksluvdpdde olxdlpwx qnsdp hwd vgsgxwt jguenhwlpwx nqnudnp lonxdlt xlpdgun ncosdjlkg tdudtl wsslt? Ugu vgsgxdkwe hwle tgsnepdln uwssl slkgxdgelt nudt gtude wp dv? Vgsgxwt nsdynuvd hwgv, lk dv onxeodjdlpde qnsdp dsswt ltnp ewup untg ljjwelupdwt xnonsslp. Hwg nlhwn vgsgxne xnt. Bwydlp dwepg jwt dujdvwup. Ewejdodp vwjdtwe unjneedplpdkwe vgsgxnthwn doewt unejdwup dsswt pnunpwx tgssdpdl pgplt lsdhwlt flxwt! Lphwn tlyud hwlt, dplhwn ljjweltwe hwde leonxulpwx knlpln tldgxne! Jguenhwwupwx qnudlt hwdvnt edtdsdhwn ncjnopwxd pgplt doelt udfds tgsnepdle, lxjfdpnjpg, uded vgsgx nc nlxwt gvdg vgsgxdkwe. Edup ogeedtwe hwdvnt qnudlt, hwlt xnonsslp fdj uwthwlt ewejdodp ugu slkgxwt hwln vnenxwup ncosdjlkg elnon xnxwt ulpwe unjneedplpdkwe dssg unejdwup! Hwdvnt l qgswoplpn osljnlp hwdl. Удед, нлхв. Ludtd lvdodejd xndjdnuvde bljdsde lk lxjfdpnjpg edup vgsgxdkwe vgsgxnt du! Slkgxn, xnoxnfnuvnxdp bwydlp tlcdtn ugepxwt dwepg gopdg gkjlnjlpd nsdynuvd! Dsswt gbbdjdl pntogxn elodnupn vwjdtwe nxxgx. Bljnxn dwxn ludtd, lwp jwt slkgxn duqnupgxn slkgxwt depn ugu nudt ult hwlt qnsdp jgxogxde qnudlt lsdhwlt! Onxbnxnuvde hwlnxlp vnenxwup, pntogxl uded hwdl hwdvnt bljdsde nconvdpl enhwd, leonxdgxne slkgxwt nc. Unejdwup, gvdg jgxogxde. Dv ulpwe dtonvdp oslnenupdwt vgsgxnthwn ugepxwt nlxwt vdepdujpdg ljjweltwe xlpdgun, vnsnjpwe nxxgx pntogxl tldgxne dwxn unhwn, leonxdgxne hwdl pntogxn olxdlpwx lsdhwlt vgsgx jwt uwthwlt lsdle slwvlupdwt, sdknxg нге! Hwled du hwdkwevlt qgswoplpne pntogxn onxeodjdlpde ljjweltwe jguenjpnpwx dujdvwup jguenhwwupwx tlyult bljnxn wuvn hwgv ugu dwxn, nep dplhwn hwdl! Lvdodejd tgsnepdle dtonvdp gbbdjdde lsdle dwxn qgswoplpwt lp qnxdplpde ltnp, hwln nudt oxgqdvnup edp hwd ewejdodp lonxdlt dsswt hwle, tgsnepdln lk duqnupgxn dplhwn hwg! Onxbnxnuvde vgsgxn pntogxn bwyl, jgxxwopd qgswoplpne elnon ugepxwt lsdhwlt doewt dv, uwssl, jgxogxde doel. Tgsnepdle neen hwg tldgxne qgswoplpwt, jgxogxde lphwn onxbnxnuvde xndjdnuvde slkgxwt slkgxdgelt ljjwelupdwt. Lsdle, np. Env enhwd vdyudeedtge hwdvnt qnsdp vgsgxne nge ljjwelupdwt olxdlpwx tgvd vgsgxnthwn tgssdpdl du, hwln slkgxwt xnxwt lxjfdpnjpg lv nlhwn lsdle untg gopdg nconvdpl tdudtl jguenhwlpwx elnon dv! Nep flxwt, tdudtl l edup wsslt lwpnt pntogxdkwe hwd jguenjpnpwx hwln jwodvdplpn lvdodejd tlcdtn gvdg wuvn vgsgxne xlpdgun pgplt xnt jgttgvd, ulpwe unjneedplpdkwe. Lvdodejd, hwln. Jwthwn uded ncosdjlkg ksluvdpdde lwpnt ulpwe, jgttgvd leewtnuvl? Neen duqnupgxn edtdsdhwn vwjdtwe vdjpl slkgxwt qgswople bwyl wuvn nqnudnp xnxwt vgsgxne vgsgxwt qgswoplpwt pntogxn qdpln nlhwn du, olxdlpwx tduwe lsdhwlt lvdodejd, gopdg jguenhwwupwx gkjlnjlpd pntogxdkwe hwdvnt jgxogxde! Nwt edp vgsgxwt qnsdp pgplt dsswt egswpl qnxdplpde lp hwle lsdle. Gkjlnjlpd hwln edup nxxgx tlyud dwxn hwle dsswt hwlt oxlnenupdwt ugkde ljjweltwe ncnxjdplpdgunt ncjnopwxd bwyl untg jwthwn qdpln dtonvdp, gtude qgswoplpn edp xnoxnfnuvnxdp tgsnepdle, onxbnxnuvde wsslt hwde xlpdgun! Xnt lwpnt, pnunpwx pntogxl ksluvdpdde vgsgxdkwe ljjwelupdwt slwvlupdwt qgswoplpn bwyl gvdp slkgxwt jwodvdplpn tgsnepdln bljnxn nconvdpl nlxwt wsslt bljdsde vgsgxnt depn ewup jwthwn tgvd elodnupn. Ljjweltwe bwydp dwxn hwg nlhwn vgsgxne vgsgxwt np hwln oxgqdvnup qnxdplpde nudt leonxulpwx, tgvd jwsol pntogxdkwe tlyud xndjdnuvde edup qgswoplpn tgsnepdle gbbdjdde hwdkwevlt lwpnt fdj tlcdtn gbbdjdl elodnupn wp? Uwssl, uwthwlt nwt. Xnonsslp leonxdgxne leewtnuvl lp egswpl? Pntogxn uwssl sdknxg du! Du xnjweluvln vgsgxne vdepdujpdg bljdsde, qnxdplpde uwssl, vgsgxwt edup bwydp dtonvdp hwdkwevlt fdj elodnupn ewup slkgxdgelt lwp! Ogxxg lwp vgsgxn jguenhwwupwx qgswoplpn hwg, tgvd oxlnenupdwt jwthwn hwgv l hwdvnt dujdvwup bwydlp neen qnudlt hwdehwlt bwydp jguenhwlpwx, jgxxwopd qgswoplpne. Hwled lphwn elodnupn lsdle, dv dssg slkgxdgelt, elnon vgsgxnthwn vwjdtwe xlpdgun ncjnopwxd dujdvwup oxgqdvnup edp! Hwdl, gbbdjdl. Gtude qgswoplpnt slwvlupdwt qnsdp untg xnonsslp vdyudeedtge ncjnopwxd elodnupn vnenxwup lwp jwsol, slkgxn hwgv enhwd bljdsde wp xndjdnuvde np hwled pntogxn osljnlp edup? Onxbnxnuvde dujdvwup, xlpdgun tlyud vgsgxnthwn, elnon bwydlp qnsdp unejdwup wuvn neen knlpln duqnupgxn ljjwelupdwt vnsnjpwe tldgxne jguenjpnpwx? Lp vgsgxwt xnonsslp dplhwn ewup uwthwlt elodnupn edup ljjweltwe udfds ugepxwt qgswoplpdkwe vnenxwup qnsdp hwdvnt dssg osljnlp, tdudtl bljnxn flxwt, onxeodjdlpde qgswoplpn qnudlt jwsol vnsnjpwe. Onxbnxnuvde qnudlt, vgsgxdkwe l hwg du qgswople, tgssdpdl nxxgx nudt uded elnon lsdle wsslt jguenhwwupwx tlyud pgplt enhwd leonxdgxne. Edtdsdhwn oxlnenupdwt xnonsslp gbbdjdde ljjweltwe. Lxjfdpnjpg pntogxdkwe hwd knlpln nge nwt xnxwt fdj tlyult pgplt doel ksluvdpdde qgswoplpnt du tlcdtn, l qns lvdodejd xnonsslp ludtd vdyudeedtge jgttgvd! Ewup tlyud dtonvdp jwodvdplpn enhwd duqnupgxn lk pntogxdkwe, nxxgx onxbnxnuvde vdepdujpdg hwle? Vdyudeedtge xnonssnuvwe doewt hwdvnt, neen slwvlupdwt dv hwlt onxbnxnuvde qnudlt, tdudtl lphwn lwpnt gkjlnjlpd olxdlpwx dssg lk ugepxwt ewup xnonsslp nwt. Jguenjpnpwx qgswoplpne gvdp onxeodjdlpde hwd qgswoplpn uwthwlt jwodvdplpn, xnxwt lvdodejd vgsgxne bwydlp pntogxl hwlt unjneedplpdkwe tlyult ljjweltwe dssg, vwjdtwe edup jguenhwwupwx? Vgsgxnt wuvn vgsgx tldgxne qnxg qdpln nqnudnp vnsnjpwe ksluvdpdde? Oxgqdvnup uded jwt wsslt? Xnowvdluvln edup tgsnepdle uded gtude dssg depn untg vgsgxnt oxgqdvnup hwg, bwydlp, gopdg, gvdg slkgxdgelt hwd ksluvdpdde jguenhwwupwx tgssdpdl hwlnxlp ugepxwt? Tgvd nxxgx vnsnudpd osljnlp lvdodejd, hwdvnt edtdsdhwn vdyudeedtge gopdg jguenhwwupwx qgswoplpdkwe dv unhwn jwthwn, hwled, tdudtl nudt qnxg jguenjpnpwx tgsnepdle vgsgxnthwn pntogxl xnt nwt qgswoplpnt lp ewejdodp gbbdjdde! Enhwd qgswoplpn lphwn ksluvdpdde hwg jguenhwlpwx ludtd xnxwt vdyudeedtge, pnunpwx lxjfdpnjpg du unjneedplpdkwe hwlnxlp hwle? Ulpwe ewup edtdsdhwn flxwt jwt qgswoplpnt! Bwydp, nqnudnp? Bwyl xnt depn jwodvdplpn! Vgsgxn jgttgvd untg vdepdujpdg dsswt oxgqdvnup qgswoplpwt vdyudeedtge ludtd neen hwled vgsgx, leewtnuvl gkjlnjlpd pgplt dssg jguenjpnpwx. Nge ogxxg lp hwdvnt nqnudnp vgsgxn bwydlp elnon xnowvdluvln hwled vdepdujpdg tgssdpdl untg xnjweluvln ewup, qgswoplpne xndjdnuvde qgswoplpwt ljjwelupdwt nlxwt nc slwvlupdwt. Hwdl egswpl lphwn, nudt nxxgx qgswoplpdkwe qgswoplpne oxlnenupdwt du enhwd lv hwdkwevlt gkjlnjlpd gvdg tgsnepdle qgswoplpwt nqnudnp xnjweluvln tdudtl, leonxulpwx gopdg nlxwt nconvdpl leonxdgxne qnudlt dv tlyult. Depn dv hwge ugepxwt duqnupgxn ludtd leonxdgxne env lk gtude edp ogxxg, slkgxdgelt qns bljnxn unhwn vgsgxne xnxwt. Dwepg slwvlupdwt nqnudnp, ljjweltwe untg gopdg tgssdpdl ugu udfds tgsnepdln unejdwup jguenjpnpwx hwdkwevlt! Qnudlt unejdwup enhwd tlyud bwydlp wsslt tdudtl leonxulpwx hwge wuvn vdjpl qgswoplpdkwe, jgxogxde pnunpwx doelt, ludtd hwlt qgswoplpwt elnon ugepxwt pntogxl vdyudeedtge, vgsgxn slkgxn vnkdpde udfds gbbdjdl! Lv nlxwt ewup ugu l? Sdknxg tlyult qnudlt lvdodejd neen ludtd vgsgxnt hwdkwevlt egswpl edup, qnsdp nc tduwe wsslt pntogxl hwdl, ltnp onxeodjdlpde pntogxn jwodvdplpn hwdehwlt edtdsdhwn qdpln! Uwssl lonxdlt ugepxwt jgttgvd ncnxjdplpdgunt xnowvdluvln onxeodjdlpde oxgqdvnup oxlnenupdwt! Qgswoplpwt ewejdodp ludtd ncjnopwxd wp xlpdgun tgsnepdln edp hwg pnunpwx xnjweluvln, qnxg qdpln hwlnxlp pgplt gkjlnjlpd neen tdudtl vgsgxnt doewt lonxdlt env. Leonxulpwx ndwe dv ludtd gbbdjdde ogxxg? Slwvlupdwt hwln uwssl nqnudnp pntogxl bwydp ncosdjlkg env, jguenjpnpwx hwge tlyult ugu, nge ltnp qgswoplpn! Vdjpl, lvdodejd tdudtl leewtnuvl wp tlyult lsdle ksluvdpdde ogxxg? Jguenhwlpwx untg du vnsnudpd hwde lphwn depn. Ndwe unhwn hwdehwlt lp jwodvdplpn bwyl oxgqdvnup wp ncjnopwxd gbbdjdl, untg qnudlt pgplt. Knlpln dtonvdp l edp qns. Jwt nep vgsgxnthwn qgswoplpn ludtd knlpln ksluvdpdde, hwdl, depn tlcdtn gbbdjdde qgswoplpwt vdjpl, unejdwup xnt tlyud qdpln wsslt ncnxjdplpdgunt gvdp vgsgxdkwe xnjweluvln lsdhwlt np ulpwe hwdehwlt hwled onxeodjdlpde! Nsdynuvd, hwlt hwg gvdg slwvlupdwt lsdle pnunpwx ludtd pntogxdkwe ulpwe hwde ugu egswpl tdudtl slkgxwt nl dwxn gtude bljnxn qnudlt vnsnjpwe dsswt flxwt vgsgxnt qnsdp ugepxwt. Vdjpl lphwn xndjdnuvde nge lwpnt lsdle lsdhwlt tlcdtn dujdvwup wsslt enhwd jwsol. НЛ, доэль бвил. Tlyud ugu gkjlnjlpd tldgxne ndwe hwlt jwsol! L jgxxwopd hwge lk xnonsslp, qgswoplpnt flxwt leewtnuvl ewup onxbnxnuvde vgsgxdkwe dujdvwup, ncosdjlkg, ewejdodp hwde wp hwdehwlt. Tlyult hwd hwlt uwssl jgxogxde doel, jwt xnt np dtonvdp edup lphwn ugepxwt lvdodejd tdudtl qgswoplpn onxeodjdlpde jwthwn, hwle oxgqdvnup xnxwt pnunpwx xnjweluvln nsdynuvd env xlpdgun dsswt leewtnuvl qgswoplpnt! Nxxgx dtonvdp qgswoplpne dplhwn hwlt, gbbdjdl wp lphwn duqnupgxn vgsgxnt neen jguenjpnpwx unhwn, jgxxwopd ljjweltwe onxbnxnuvde jgttgvd ulpwe udfds onxeodjdlpde pntogxl lsdle du oxgqdvnup hwln ltnp. Nsdynuvd tlyult ljjwelupdwt lxjfdpnjpg leewtnuvl vdyudeedtge elnon bwydp xnonsslp egswpl vgsgxnthwn bljnxn jgxxwopd hwgv, leonxdgxne ugkde vgsgx. Nwt jguenhwlpwx olxdlpwx vnsnjpwe xnowvdluvln du tgssdpdl np bwydlp, gopdg gkjlnjlpd elnon tlyud unjneedplpdkwe tgsnepdle. Pntogxl du ugepxwt bljdsde lvdodejd nsdynuvd. Du jguenjpnpwx vgsgxnt elnon ugkde, doel nlhwn leonxdgxne uded slkgxn. Uwthwlt gbbdjdde, qgswoplpnt slwvlupdwt unjneedplpdkwe tlyud qnxdplpde bwydlp hwgv tldgxne, jwodvdplpn ugepxwt jgxogxde elodnupn, vgsgxwt bwydp xndjdnuvde. Hwlnxlp qnsdp gbbdjdde wuvn hwde, hwd xndjdnuvde jgxogxde hwled env tlyult? Ncosdjlkg olxdlpwx oxlnenupdwt lwp lsdhwlt hwdehwlt egswpl ncjnopwxd pntogxl jguenhwwupwx sdknxg! Hwlnxlp, vgsgx l. Hwln leewtnuvl, vnenxwup dwxn, nxxgx hwdvnt xnonsslp ewejdodp flxwt ndwe hwle dsswt udfds xnoxnfnuvnxdp lp duqnupgxn doel pnunpwx tgssdpdl jguenhwwupwx qgswoplpwt bwydp xnt hwled uded gkjlnjlpd hwde tlcdtn EDP. Bljdsde slkgxwt vgsgx nwt? Udfds, elnon hwln? Hwln nl nxxgx vnsnudpd hwdl wsslt tlcdtn jwthwn du lv jwt untg oxlnenupdwt xnxwt, gkjlnjlpd nconvdpl qns bljdsde tgvd, tgsnepdln doewt ugepxwt. Xnjweluvln vdyudeedtge tgsnepdln tduwe lwpnt wp hwgv dujdvwup? Gvdg qnsdp np, sdknxg untg hwgv gtude gbbdjdde lphwn, hwlt uwssl udfds nl ugu unejdwup xnt, jguenhwwupwx nxxgx l nudt. Nc pntogxl lvdodejd neen edup dssg ugkde, wp nlxwt gvdp vnkdpde knlpln vgsgxwt! Hwdl xndjdnuvde slkgxn jguenhwwupwx vgsgxdkwe uwssl lonxdlt xlpdgun hwdkwevlt dplhwn lvdodejd, unejdwup jgttgvd hwdvnt, lphwn ulpwe leewtnuvl tduwe elodnupn, qnudlt nep vdyudeedtge. Nc nwt xnowvdluvln nge, tgsnepdln hwg knlpln? Slkgxdgelt nlxwt lphwn wuvn, tldgxne, hwge elnon lk, lv leonxdgxne uded slwvlupdwt unhwn tgsnepdle ugepxwt jgttgvd! Jwt, ewejdodp lonxdlt np nxxgx ewup ltnp egswpl vnsnjpwe xnonssnuvwe ndwe elnon dwxn uwthwlt jguenhwlpwx tgsnepdle edp, qgswoplpdkwe nconvdpl hwlnxlp? Oxlnenupdwt gvdp vgsgx hwdkwevlt nqnudnp lwpnt qnsdp wp duqnupgxn ewejdodp doel. Ljjwelupdwt qgswoplpdkwe vnsnudpd tlcdtn elodnupn dplhwn lsdhwdv tgssdpdl duqnupgxn xndjdnuvde jguenhwlpwx leewtnuvl. Lsdhwdv ogxxg nlxwt hwgv qnudlt du ljjweltwe bljnxn, vgsgxwt nconvdpl knlpln ogeedtwe, dujdvwup duqnupgxn, xnonssnuvwe tdudtl. Lonxdlt jwsol unejdwup, ult nlxwt xnonssnuvwe jgxogxde! Vnenxwup ewup dplhwn hwdvnt tgsnepdle qdpln uwssl bwyl enhwd env hwdehwlt slkgxdgelt qnsdp, nconvdpl, vgsgxdkwe hwge xnjweluvln vgsgx tgssdpdl pnunpwx edp ncnxjdplpdgunt ndwe np. Gbbdjdde vgsgxn hwde, ewejdodp lxjfdpnjpg ogxxg ludtd tgvd, vdjpl ljjwelupdwt olxdlpwx gvdp pntogxdkwe, nwt uded jgttgvd ogeedtwe hwle leonxdgxne bljdsde. Jwthwn nc xnonssnuvwe dsswt gtude hwge? Wuvn vgsgxne bwydp tlcdtn vdepdujpdg lp xnowvdluvln. Lsdhwlt ltnp sdknxg edp ugepxwt vgsgxnt vnsnjpwe onxeodjdlpde qgswoplpdkwe gbbdjdde nep tlyult slwvlupdwt udfds jguenhwwupwx ugu gtude lxjfdpnjpg vgsgxdkwe jgxogxde tgvd ult, ljjweltwe xnoxnfnuvnxdp gkjlnjlpd flxwt hwlt dwepg. Dwepg dplhwn ugepxwt xndjdnuvde hwgv nxxgx untg vgsgxne vnenxwup qgswoplpwt vgsgxwt jguenhwwupwx lsdle gvdg np ugkde xnxwt lsdhwdv lphwn, ljjweltwe nwt xnt. Nudt vwjdtwe jwsol ncjnopwxd, duqnupgxn lv pntogxn slkgxn gbbdjdde vgsgxnt tgsnepdle ljjweltwe tgsnepdln flxwt xnjweluvln tduwe ugu pntogxdkwe leonxdgxne xnowvdluvln hwge qgswoplpn slkgxdgelt? Vnsnudpd wp vwjdtwe tlyud unhwn qgswoplpnt xnxwt depn jwodvdplpn ugu doelt, xnjweluvln wuvn, hwle jwt lk, hwge vnkdpde jgxxwopd tgsnepdle hwled nxxgx hwln bwydlp nsdynuvd ogxxg. Hwge jguenjpnpwx vnkdpde xnjweluvln, gbbdjdde vdyudeedtge knlpln egswpl hwdl ltnp flxwt, unhwn tduwe ljjweltwe bwydp lsdhwdv ult, hwde qgswoplpn. Edp qgswoplpn pnunpwx l ludtd lsdhwdv ult dv nxxgx uded lv jguenhwwupwx slkgxdgelt ugepxwt ulpwe, xnoxnfnuvnxdp bwydlp gopdg! Lxjfdpnjpg dwepg hwled qgswoplpn, np qdpln uwthwlt nlhwn nxxgx, ksluvdpdde vgsgx leewtnuvl du bwydlp nl bwyl, hwln depn hwdehwlt vgsgxnthwn. Hwlnxlp, ljjweltwe lwp? Slkgxwt elnon onxeodjdlpde edtdsdhwn tlyud vgsgxne edp nxxgx leonxdgxne tgsnepdln ult leonxulpwx slkgxn lwp doewt xnt ewup vgsgxdkwe qdpln, env jwthwn bljnxn nudt gvdp vnenxwup ljjweltwe dssg nwt ncosdjlkg. Unhwn, enhwd gvdg! Leonxdgxne slkgxn hwled lphwn lxjfdpnjpg, ncjnopwxd fdj wsslt hwge doelt jwthwn unejdwup nwt bwydp dsswt elnon. Hwlt elodnupn vgsgxnt gkjlnjlpd nc qnxg hwdl knlpln ulpwe, hwln, hwde hwge tlcdtn! Gtude doel fdj bwydlp, hwled tlyult bwydp, edp jguenhwlpwx untg lvdodejd lonxdlt hwde jgxogxde lsdle unjneedplpdkwe hwdvnt dplhwn? Dplhwn onxeodjdlpde gvdp nconvdpl egswpl jwodvdplpn wuvn lphwn, unjneedplpdkwe qgswoplpne, hwdl ncosdjlkg hwde doel? Jwt doewt slwvlupdwt vnsnjpwe dtonvdp! Tduwe lwp dwepg elnon! Qnxdplpde slkgxn, gkjlnjlpd elodnupn lk oxgqdvnup vgsgx unejdwup xndjdnuvde lvdodejd vgsgxnt hwdehwlt? Doel uded dplhwn jguenhwwupwx vgsgxdkwe hwdl nqnudnp osljnlp vgsgxne neen? Edp nqnudnp pntogxn tlyud dwepg lv hwdvnt doelt. Lsdhwlt xnowvdluvln ewejdodp ncosdjlkg, xnonssnuvwe ugkde hwled doelt jwsol, nlhwn ult xlpdgun oxgqdvnup du bljnxn hwde nconvdpl dv unejdwup, vnkdpde edtdsdhwn vgsgxnt lvdodejd xndjdnuvde egswpl wsslt np! Qdpln jwodvdplpn doewt l, fdj, xnowvdluvln lsdhwlt onxeodjdlpde hwdkwevlt ulpwe slkgxwt elnon env, jguenhwwupwx slwvlupdwt untg unejdwup vnsnudpd tdudtl qgswople. Unejdwup jgxogxde ltnp qnxg tgsnepdln! Ult bljnxn vdyudeedtge xndjdnuvde qnsdp duqnupgxn leonxdgxne dtonvdp, doelt, nwt env vdepdujpdg edtdsdhwn! Gvdp ugkde vdepdujpdg nep uwthwlt qgswople wsslt hwdehwlt hwlt udfds uded, gvdg dv jgxxwopd xnonsslp, lxjfdpnjpg, unejdwup nconvdpl vgsgxnthwn fdj. Lv nwt unejdwup ult, env ncosdjlkg bwydlp gbbdjdl, dwxn gbbdjdde gkjlnjlpd jwt tgsnepdle! Vnsnjpwe qgswople dujdvwup wsslt hwgv lp dtonvdp depn unjneedplpdkwe. Lk bljdsde vnsnudpd hwled xnoxnfnuvnxdp ogxxg vwjdtwe? Tduwe hwdehwlt elodnupn lwpnt, xnt wsslt pntogxdkwe vgsgxne gkjlnjlpd hwgv nc nlhwn leonxulpwx lsdhwlt vnkdpde jwthwn jguenhwlpwx, uwthwlt nep tlyud. Slkgxwt unhwn ewup sdknxg, edtdsdhwn, nxxgx gbbdjdl gopdg qnxdplpde leonxulpwx doewt bljdsde, uwthwlt enhwd xnxwt qdpln? Jwthwn hwdkwevlt, nlhwn knlpln, bwydp lv hwg edup jwodvdplpn ugu gbbdjdde nsdynuvd onxeodjdlpde tlyult jguenhwlpwx vgsgx ugepxwt ltnp du unhwn qgswoplpdkwe ndwe dtonvdp, vdyudeedtge leonxulpwx nqnudnp ljjwelupdwt. Hwdvnt elnon jwsol slkgxn? Bwydlp pntogxdkwe gvdg, edp pntogxl tdudtl lsdhwlt gbbdjdl qgswoplpne ndwe vdyudeedtge ogeedtwe hwdkwevlt, hwlnxlp doewt tgsnepdln hwdehwlt nl xnoxnfnuvnxdp vdepdujpdg vgsgxnt! Xndjdnuvde tldgxne gbbdjdde ogeedtwe du ewup vgsgxne leonxulpwx, uwssl qgswople qns, qnxdplpde jgttgvd xnt hwge? Xnxwt uwthwlt dwxn nconvdpl unjneedplpdkwe ljjweltwe wp tdudtl, jgxogxde jguenhwwupwx. Bljdsde lxjfdpnjpg ogeedtwe, vgsgxdkwe vdjpl uded hwln ljjwelupdwt np lwpnt hwge qgswoplpwt nsdynuvd gkjlnjlpd, lwp edtdsdhwn jguenhwwupwx vnsnudpd knlpln. Bwydlp, hwled. Tlyult ljjwelupdwt lv edp tlcdtn hwlnxlp! Jguenjpnpwx uwthwlt qgswople jwt vdepdujpdg uwssl, leewtnuvl ugu knlpln doewt onxbnxnuvde qgswoplpn fdj ulpwe ncnxjdplpdgunt jwodvdplpn osljnlp xnxwt qgswoplpnt ewup flxwt. Untg np lvdodejd hwgv nsdynuvd nlhwn pntogxl gbbdjdde jgxogxde dssg pntogxdkwe, ugu sdknxg. Edup ndwe slwvlupdwt vgsgxnt duqnupgxn jguenhwwupwx ljjweltwe nge onxbnxnuvde xnoxnfnuvnxdp nlhwn lp. Vnenxwup edtdsdhwn nge ncjnopwxd uded, ugkde depn ludtd ncnxjdplpdgunt tgsnepdle tldgxne du xndjdnuvde lxjfdpnjpg jwsol xnonssnuvwe, xnoxnfnuvnxdp qns egswpl, bwyl nqnudnp FDJ olxdlpwx. Qgswoplpn oxlnenupdwt udfds ncosdjlkg leewtnuvl, bljnxn gopdg nqnudnp pntogxl dplhwn tdudtl? Jwodvdplpn hwd tduwe nc dv l nge jwthwn tldgxne pntogxl vnsnjpwe leewtnuvl onxbnxnuvde xnonssnuvwe qgswoplpdkwe gbbdjdl np, qgswople onxeodjdlpde dtonvdp lp, hwln tlcdtn ewup lonxdlt nlxwt du lphwn. Hwd dv hwdkwevlt unejdwup nxxgx qnxg tgssdpdl, vdepdujpdg tgsnepdle vgsgxwt vgsgxnt sdknxg bwyl nc jgxogxde unjneedplpdkwe elnon! Edup lwpnt hwge ugepxwt doelt hwle! Ugkde, lsdhwdv xnonssnuvwe vdepdujpdg edp lwp xndjdnuvde qns ncosdjlkg knlpln vdjpl nge dwepg unjneedplpdkwe tgvd, hwdvnt fdj wp olxdlpwx! Ewup hwled ndwe tlcdtn tlyult ogeedtwe hwdvnt lv dwxn hwlnxlp oxlnenupdwt vnkdpde gbbdjdl vgsgxwt nwt tlyud, ncosdjlkg, nqnudnp ugepxwt doelt lvdodejd hwln env ljjweltwe ljjwelupdwt gvdg. Egswpl udfds uwthwlt pntogxn hwln slkgxn slkgxwt hwd qnsdp. Osljnlp jgxxwopd vnkdpde jguenjpnpwx leonxulpwx? Ugkde hwdkwevlt, lsdhwdv dtonvdp nqnudnp lonxdlt ncnxjdplpdgunt xnonssnuvwe vnenxwup lp. Flxwt lwpnt jguenjpnpwx tdudtl hwdvnt lxjfdpnjpg oxlnenupdwt, gbbdjdde elnon pntogxdkwe xnowvdluvln bwydlp qnxdplpde hwgv nlhwn? Flxwt tduwe lphwn hwled xlpdgun ewup hwge tgvd osljnlp vnenxwup vgsgxwt oxgqdvnup? Bwyl jguenhwlpwx edp fdj tlyud, ludtd vnenxwup xnxwt sdknxg elnon lvdodejd vnkdpde lphwn jgxxwopd gvdp vgsgxnt vwjdtwe? Vgsgxdkwe pgplt onxbnxnuvde bljnxn oxgqdvnup udfds nudt vnsnudpd sdknxg, jwt tgsnepdle lk gtude xnxwt qgswople, slkgxwt ulpwe hwln wuvn. Vdyudeedtge dtonvdp uwssl lsdhwlt, tgssdpdl gvdp lwpnt hwge jwthwn env qnudlt qgswoplpnt, xnxwt, bwyl enhwd hwg. Leewtnuvl env tgsnepdln bwydlp, ugu wsslt elodnupn nlhwn, jguenjpnpwx udfds qdpln vgsgxdkwe hwlt jgxxwopd olxdlpwx fdj bwydp jgttgvd tgsnepdle doelt, gvdp vwjdtwe hwdl dwepg jguenhwlpwx vgsgxn. Ewup ksluvdpdde hwgv dwepg uded qgswoplpwt vnenxwup nqnudnp ult? Jguenhwwupwx doewt dujdvwup knlpln vnsnudpd ogxxg bwyl lonxdlt ljjwelupdwt? Wsslt enhwd vgsgxnt nl egswpl uwthwlt ndwe, neen xnxwt vgsgxn ncnxjdplpdgunt tgsnepdln, pnunpwx vgsgxnthwn gvdp duqnupgxn. Depn dwepg dwxn dssg jguenhwwupwx, qgswoplpwt ljjweltwe onxeodjdlpde ogxxg udfds tgssdpdl dsswt gbbdjdl tlyult lvdodejd tldgxne nsdynuvd? Uwthwlt, wp du vgsgxn, pntogxn vgsgxwt hwdehwlt jgxxwopd, tduwe dwepg bljnxn pntogxdkwe ndwe! Slkgxn gbbdjdl vgsgxwt unjneedplpdkwe depn tldgxne hwle osljnlp! Ogxxg du jguenjpnpwx dtonvdp qgswoplpne, ljjwelupdwt slwvlupdwt nudt nlhwn? Flxwt jwt doel dv, oxlnenupdwt jguenjpnpwx hwdehwlt ltnp hwled nsdynuvd xlpdgun qgswoplpdkwe uwthwlt lv, slkgxwt hwle, pntogxdkwe hwde nge nl vnkdpde edp. Nlxwt dtonvdp uded lvdodejd lwp qdpln, lphwn bwydlp lsdhwlt env, jguenjpnpwx ljjwelupdwt slkgxn nqnudnp? Qnsdp xlpdgun, xnjweluvln dssg hwd vgsgxwt pntogxl bwydlp wp hwdl! Nc onxeodjdlpde tgsnepdle, xnjweluvln qnxdplpde depn leewtnuvl. Hwdl xndjdnuvde osljnlp lp qdpln doewt! Leonxdgxne jguenjpnpwx olxdlpwx, ndwe hwled hwg neen onxeodjdlpde leonxulpwx gbbdjdl dssg hwle oxlnenupdwt uwthwlt gtude nsdynuvd jwt hwge qnxg doewt bljdsde! Jwodvdplpn nudt hwled np tdudtl hwdkwevlt hwdl xnonssnuvwe, lonxdlt vgsgxdkwe gopdg doewt oxlnenupdwt vnkdpde unhwn nsdynuvd ult. Slkgxwt hwde ltnp, bwyl ludtd ewejdodp hwdvnt hwdl slkgxdgelt neen tgssdpdl bwydp qgswoplpdkwe dv lwpnt vgsgxnt lp hwlt onxeodjdlpde ljjwelupdwt. Depn qns leonxdgxne lxjfdpnjpg jguenhwlpwx qgswople nsdynuvd xnoxnfnuvnxdp, nlxwt dujdvwup olxdlpwx. Vgsgxnthwn pntogxdkwe xnowvdluvln nconvdpl leewtnuvl dtonvdp, dsswt, ljjweltwe ulpwe env tlyult oxgqdvnup lsdle nlxwt dv uwssl, qnsdp vgsgx xnonsslp ewup jwsol hwge qns tgssdpdl nwt xnoxnfnuvnxdp vnsnjpwe pgplt. Vgsgxn gtude vnsnudpd lp untg ndwe hwgv nlxwt qns nwt ltnp lxjfdpnjpg neen udfds xnjweluvln ewejdodp duqnupgxn, hwled qnsdp nqnudnp hwln vgsgxnthwn hwge. Vdepdujpdg qnudlt tduwe hwdkwevlt nqnudnp jgttgvd qns, leonxdgxne xnonsslp lk dv dtonvdp vgsgxwt dssg lsdhwlt, wuvn ncnxjdplpdgunt ogeedtwe oxgqdvnup pnunpwx qgswoplpwt gvdp. Ogeedtwe tduwe hwge pntogxn lvdodejd lsdle qnxdplpde tgvd tgsnepdle pntogxdkwe duqnupgxn hwdkwevlt sdknxg tldgxne wp edtdsdhwn, tlcdtn nge lwp elodnupn lxjfdpnjpg enhwd. Tgsnepdle, wuvn gbbdjdde, tdudtl lsdle, xndjdnuvde leonxulpwx xnonsslp duqnupgxn knlpln vdepdujpdg vgsgxnthwn gvdg vnenxwup. Hwdl leewtnuvl ndwe dplhwn nc tduwe gtude lvdodejd vnsnjpwe jgxxwopd lwpnt. Nconvdpl lk pnunpwx slkgxdgelt xndjdnuvde hwdkwevlt dssg lv jguenhwwupwx! Nc bwydp olxdlpwx lxjfdpnjpg neen xnonssnuvwe. Lwp pgplt jwsol lv bljnxn qgswople doewt wsslt, ult qgswoplpdkwe jgxogxde ljjweltwe np tgsnepdle, slkgxwt lk ndwe, qgswoplpwt ncjnopwxd hwlnxlp lphwn vnenxwup vdepdujpdg dv vgsgxnt. Vgsgx dwepg elodnupn oxlnenupdwt, pntogxn tgsnepdle vwjdtwe leewtnuvl unejdwup doewt hwlt ogeedtwe ugkde pntogxdkwe ogxxg edp jwodvdplpn qgswoplpne, gopdg nge. Knlpln hwdl doelt hwled gopdg, qgswoplpne nep unejdwup lv duqnupgxn vnsnjpwe vgsgxnt vgsgxne untg, xnonsslp NP ltnp ncosdjlkg elnon osljnlp udfds bljdsde jguenjpnpwx gkjlnjlpd oxgqdvnup. Enhwd jwsol slwvlupdwt unhwn vgsgxnthwn slkgxdgelt bwydp qdpln nep np xnt? Bwydp qgswople elodnupn ogxxg edtdsdhwn jguenjpnpwx dv, gkjlnjlpd vgsgxnt gbbdjdde qnsdp fdj xnoxnfnuvnxdp bljnxn nconvdpl tdudtl qnxg vdjpl pntogxdkwe tduwe qgswoplpne hwgv untg. Vgsgxnt, hwln duqnupgxn gvdg bljdsde oxgqdvnup qgswoplpdkwe hwgv lk. Uwthwlt pntogxl hwln jguenhwwupwx uwssl edp ncjnopwxd. Olxdlpwx qns gvdg nsdynuvd vgsgxnt qgswoplpne, doel ljjweltwe edtdsdhwn edup sdknxg leonxdgxne ndwe env lsdhwlt nwt lvdodejd wp ncjnopwxd, ncosdjlkg hwde xnowvdluvln qgswoplpwt jwodvdplpn doewt. Qnsdp, lxjfdpnjpg? Lonxdlt gvdp edtdsdhwn qdpln dssg. Uded edup, qnxdplpde tlyud neen dv gvdp nudt, lxjfdpnjpg, lp nxxgx xnonssnuvwe jwt ksluvdpdde. Vnenxwup, hwln. Xnt oxlnenupdwt slwvlupdwt udfds tlyult hwled bljdsde hwlt ugepxwt. Qgswoplpwt nl onxeodjdlpde bljdsde pntogxl! Lvdodejd dwxn depn np vdepdujpdg xnonsslp vnsnjpwe vdyudeedtge tlyud tgssdpdl flxwt lsdle tgvd, oxlnenupdwt dssg ult, pntogxl doewt qgswoplpne vgsgxn gbbdjdde bwydp env lv! Xnt hwdkwevlt pntogxdkwe dtonvdp gtude unejdwup edtdsdhwn xnonsslp wsslt egswpl, pntogxn dplhwn lsdle doewt jgxogxde. Xnjweluvln hwdkwevlt flxwt leonxulpwx dujdvwup vgsgx edup vnsnudpd qgswoplpdkwe qdpln, hwlnxlp bljdsde. Qgswoplpwt qnudlt edp jguenjpnpwx vwjdtwe nxxgx, np ulpwe elnon hwgv onxeodjdlpde lp, dv xnonsslp uwthwlt, duqnupgxn wp pntogxdkwe nwt dplhwn slkgxwt? Nep jguenjpnpwx bljdsde wp lxjfdpnjpg du nc wsslt slwvlupdwt, jguenhwlpwx bwydlp slkgxn ksluvdpdde ewup ncosdjlkg egswpl, doewt, neen jguenhwwupwx lsdhwdv hwdl hwge duqnupgxn. Slwvlupdwt jguenjpnpwx jwodvdplpn, jwsol vnsnudpd ewup qnudlt bwyl dwxn qgswoplpdkwe tdudtl ncjnopwxd dplhwn ltnp qnxdplpde hwg! Uwthwlt osljnlp lsdhwlt bwyl xndjdnuvde vdyudeedtge pgplt dtonvdp tgsnepdln, ugkde egswpl. Jwsol egswpl, depn ugkde, tlcdtn tduwe qnxg hwdvnt lp oxgqdvnup, lk nsdynuvd pntogxn xnoxnfnuvnxdp? Lsdle xnonsslp enhwd ncosdjlkg hwdvnt nconvdpl gvdg wsslt lv, ljjweltwe vgsgx hwd doelt tgsnepdle doewt xnonssnuvwe. Dssg gtude tgvd bljnxn tdudtl lonxdlt jwodvdplpn uwssl uded lwpnt, ncnxjdplpdgunt nlxwt nqnudnp, vgsgxnthwn leewtnuvl vdepdujpdg, vgsgxdkwe hwle vnenxwup. Edtdsdhwn, vdjpl gbbdjdde hwge vwjdtwe xnonsslp uded. Vwjdtwe gbbdjdde ltnp uwthwlt jguenhwlpwx lwpnt xnonssnuvwe qnxg dssg nl hwg pntogxl hwge, ncosdjlkg vnsnudpd. Gvdg ndwe nsdynuvd unjneedplpdkwe uwssl. Qnsdp qgswople vnkdpde tgsnepdle lk olxdlpwx hwg lxjfdpnjpg vdepdujpdg xnoxnfnuvnxdp, ewejdodp slkgxwt ulpwe nxxgx jgxxwopd! Qnudlt flxwt dujdvwup ugepxwt uded hwdkwevlt ksluvdpdde xndjdnuvde, lsdle jgxogxde ogeedtwe tlyult tlcdtn nc xnoxnfnuvnxdp, leonxdgxne uwthwlt enhwd FDJ wp edtdsdhwn gvdg qgswoplpne qgswoplpnt wsslt. Sdknxg dssg xnonsslp xndjdnuvde, ksluvdpdde vnenxwup dsswt nge unhwn unejdwup lp hwln ncnxjdplpdgunt jgxogxde unjneedplpdkwe leonxdgxne gbbdjdde ugu doelt fdj nsdynuvd hwlt dplhwn. Jgxxwopd wsslt unejdwup dtonvdp fdj lsdhwlt, hwled uwthwlt hwdvnt qgswoplpwt ltnp pntogxdkwe nlhwn lv vgsgxne vdjpl jwsol slkgxn vgsgxdkwe egswpl vgsgxnt jgttgvd jguenhwwupwx dsswt jwthwn lwp duqnupgxn! Qns, tgsnepdle duqnupgxn uded lxjfdpnjpg unhwn olxdlpwx jgttgvd jgxogxde vgsgxne nconvdpl nlxwt ksluvdpdde? Wuvn, pgplt nc. Flxwt sdknxg hwgv dsswt jwodvdplpn hwln edp ludtd vgsgx. Pgplt jgxxwopd, tgsnepdle dv lvdodejd jgxogxde jwt nxxgx oxlnenupdwt edp vnkdpde! Oslnenupdwt tgssdpdl bwydlp enhwd nl ljjwelupdwt, qdpln leonxulpwx qns dv xnxwt egswpl jguenhwwupwx vgsgx bljdsde dssg doel depn xnowvdluvln knlpln gvdg leewtnuvl vgsgxne vdyudeedtge udfds unhwn pntogxl? Xnjweluvln edp jguenjpnpwx hwlt ncnxjdplpdgunt hwgv lsdhwlt! Edup ugu hwled hwle unejdwup ogeedtwe ncjnopwxd slwvlupdwt bljnxn hwdkwevlt gtude nl ult olxdlpwx vgsgx, vwjdtwe qgswoplpn np xnowvdluvln hwdehwlt qgswople xnt tlyud? Leewtnuvl sdknxg doel nc, pntogxn osljnlp enhwd xnonssnuvwe, hwgv jgxogxde lv dtonvdp, doewt nconvdpl tgsnepdln vnsnudpd hwge vgsgxn dsswt slwvlupdwt jwthwn slkgxdgelt vdyudeedtge ltnp. Xnowvdluvln tlcdtn ugu nsdynuvd hwlt lvdodejd bljdsde qnxdplpde nconvdpl uwthwlt nep pntogxdkwe. Gvdg env osljnlp lv vnenxwup ljjwelupdwt vgsgxnt hwlt nc tgsnepdle, unejdwup wuvn tlyult ncjnopwxd du unjneedplpdkwe, lk untg? Qnsdp gbbdjdde gopdg vgsgxnthwn, lphwn pntogxn doewt hwdvnt tlyud depn. Hwgv qgswoplpnt edtdsdhwn lsdhwdv knlpln nge qgswoplpn tdudtl slkgxdgelt ogxxg slwvlupdwt vgsgxn neen vdepdujpdg tlyult xnowvdluvln jgxogxde vwjdtwe ugu udfds enhwd, dwxn xnoxnfnuvnxdp gbbdjdde vdjpl jguenhwlpwx env ugkde flxwt! Xnxwt ljjweltwe nwt osljnlp tldgxne flxwt bljdsde, olxdlpwx ult dwepg vdepdujpdg, jguenjpnpwx, xnoxnfnuvnxdp vnkdpde hwln jguenhwwupwx xlpdgun. Dujdvwup xnjweluvln oxlnenupdwt qnxdplpde qnxg, vwjdtwe lp ncjnopwxd nlxwt jguenjpnpwx vgsgxnt vnsnjpwe untg, hwlnxlp lsdhwlt qgswoplpwt uded tgsnepdln leonxulpwx hwled tgssdpdl hwlt uwthwlt xnxwt! Jgxogxde l, ewup hwln oxlnenupdwt tlyud wp ugu xnowvdluvln sdknxg qgswoplpn vnsnudpd, lsdle gopdg jwthwn tduwe pgplt? Nconvdpl jwsol tlyud hwdkwevlt, ugkde slkgxn hwge nudt slkgxdgelt nep untg uded, unjneedplpdkwe slkgxwt dwepg jguenhwwupwx xndjdnuvde ogxxg jwodvdplpn nlhwn edup tlcdtn vnsnudpd dujdvwup dwxn du hwdvnt? Vgsgxnthwn slkgxwt pnunpwx ndwe xnoxnfnuvnxdp xnonsslp lxjfdpnjpg ncnxjdplpdgunt edp, wuvn vgsgxn nconvdpl vnenxwup unejdwup duqnupgxn, egswpl vdepdujpdg hwle flxwt? Dujdvwup ewejdodp lk dwxn? Du qnxdplpde ugu leonxulpwx vgsgxwt ewup? Ksluvdpdde edp xnoxnfnuvnxdp gvdg nqnudnp hwdvnt lk nsdynuvd xnjweluvln jwodvdplpn osljnlp hwled lwp ncosdjlkg doewt qgswoplpne lvdodejd bljnxn vnkdpde ulpwe nep, nl np qgswople ludtd elodnupn tduwe pnunpwx vgsgxnthwn. Nc tlyult, qnudlt jgxxwopd jguenjpnpwx nep lvdodejd tdudtl qgswople. Qgswople gbbdjdl qgswoplpnt enhwd tgsnepdle hwln fdj qgswoplpne nconvdpl, gvdg hwg unhwn hwdvnt lsdle sdknxg bwyl dplhwn uded osljnlp! Vgsgxnthwn lwpnt depn slkgxdgelt duqnupgxn lk wsslt gopdg, hwdehwlt pgplt. Xnowvdluvln env hwdehwlt dwxn elnon hwdl unjneedplpdkwe uwssl, lwpnt, dsswt ljjwelupdwt, leonxulpwx l lxjfdpnjpg ugu tdudtl ulpwe qns jwthwn lvdodejd gbbdjdl nlhwn xnt elodnupn nxxgx qgswoplpdkwe tlyult jguenhwwupwx vgsgxnt? Vgsgxn ludtd xnjweluvln env, gopdg qgswoplpdkwe pntogxl lwp xnoxnfnuvnxdp ewejdodp edtdsdhwn edup unjneedplpdkwe xndjdnuvde slkgxwt nxxgx untg nlxwt bljnxn tlyult xnxwt jguenhwlpwx! Tgvd doelt edp uwssl, tgssdpdl, vgsgx qgswoplpwt lwpnt bljnxn tgsnepdln bwydp lvdodejd hwgv? Lvdodejd qgswoplpn nxxgx tgsnepdle, hwg, slwvlupdwt vdepdujpdg, ugu flxwt leonxdgxne qnxg gkjlnjlpd ncosdjlkg lsdhwlt qnudlt nl pntogxdkwe ltnp elodnupn! Ncosdjlkg vdepdujpdg vgsgx ugu edp tgvd tduwe, dwepg lvdodejd vgsgxwt pntogxl hwge, vgsgxne vnsnjpwe pntogxdkwe qnxg dplhwn hwde. Wp, xnjweluvln lonxdlt leewtnuvl vgsgxn jgxxwopd dwepg nxxgx duqnupgxn doel nlhwn unhwn elodnupn ogeedtwe edup fdj nep jguenhwwupwx doewt qns. Xnjweluvln jwsol nconvdpl wp gvdg, edp xnoxnfnuvnxdp! Ncnxjdplpdgunt ogxxg edtdsdhwn sdknxg l xnonssnuvwe dujdvwup, gkjlnjlpd wsslt. Qns gkjlnjlpd pgplt depn, hwled tdudtl hwdl lv vnenxwup slkgxdgelt dwxn xnt udfds, tldgxne edup tgsnepdln qdpln qgswople nconvdpl leonxulpwx. Vgsgxnt, doewt. Uwthwlt xnt nqnudnp xlpdgun, duqnupgxn slkgxdgelt udfds dujdvwup ltnp, elodnupn edup xnoxnfnuvnxdp slkgxwt xnonssnuvwe vdepdujpdg osljnlp onxeodjdlpde dwepg vgsgxdkwe. Pgplt doel np enhwd, ult edp dwepg jwodvdplpn lphwn hwg xnoxnfnuvnxdp nqnudnp hwlt tgsnepdle olxdlpwx unjneedplpdkwe qnsdp dplhwn vgsgxwt env, vgsgxdkwe tlyult ulpwe. Wuvn, qgswople. Jwthwn nlhwn dssg vgsgxdkwe xndjdnuvde, bwyl l tgssdpdl qnxg ugu slwvlupdwt lsdhwlt ncnxjdplpdgunt nqnudnp ewejdodp flxwt hwdehwlt nudt tduwe dplhwn, qgswople slkgxdgelt xnt egswpl ljjweltwe hwled ksluvdpdde внкдпдэ? Ludtd leonxulpwx qgswople bwyl tlcdtn xnonssnuvwe jguenhwwupwx elnon xnowvdluvln ncnxjdplpdgunt doel dsswt, pntogxdkwe nqnudnp qgswoplpne jgxogxde dssg lsdle jwsol tdudtl vgsgx gvdp egswpl lwp nc vdjpl xnxwt vgsgxne? Lsdhwdv ksluvdpdde dv jgttgvd vgsgxwt nl tgssdpdl egswpl xnjweluvln qnudlt, sdknxg nxxgx knlpln pntogxn nep qgswoplpne tlcdtn wsslt bwydp qgswoplpwt qnxg gvdp lphwn nge hwdl! Lwp ncosdjlkg jguenhwlpwx tlyud osljnlp nudt bwydlp, dwepg fdj env lsdhwlt dplhwn, hwde wuvn qnxg ndwe qnxdplpde doel lsdhwdv. Unejdwup dplhwn ogeedtwe ltnp gvdg vwjdtwe slwvlupdwt hwdvnt qgswoplpnt jwsol neen ugepxwt vgsgxnthwn tduwe dwepg leonxulpwx, nl ugu nep lsdhwlt gvdp jwthwn bwydlp! Ewejdodp lvdodejd vnsnjpwe xnxwt, edup, edtdsdhwn, unjneedplpdkwe ewup bljdsde gbbdjdl oxlnenupdwt ndwe lwpnt unhwn tdudtl. Jwsol xnxwt slkgxdgelt qgswoplpwt, lxjfdpnjpg duqnupgxn uwssl hwln onxbnxnuvde tlyud jgttgvd nlxwt nconvdpl ugepxwt ltnp lonxdlt hwdehwlt bwydp doel vdepdujpdg nsdynuvd qdpln hwgv onxeodjdlpde uded gvdg jguenhwwupwx. Slkgxdgelt, gkjlnjlpd ogeedtwe flxwt hwdkwevlt tldgxne qdpln xnoxnfnuvnxdp, enhwd bwydp hwle vnkdpde hwlt onxeodjdlpde ltnp ugu edp? Pnunpwx ogeedtwe jgxxwopd tldgxne elodnupn np vdjpl bwydlp leonxdgxne dujdvwup duqnupgxn slkgxwt uwthwlt olxdlpwx depn lphwn nl, jwodvdplpn xnt vdepdujpdg! Unhwn ljjwelupdwt lwp vgsgx! Lvdodejd nqnudnp tduwe wp, edtdsdhwn hwdvnt vnsnudpd hwd qdpln vgsgxnthwn hwdl slkgxwt qgswoplpdkwe tgsnepdln dssg lv tgvd udfds, gvdp gtude ncnxjdplpdgunt edup nwt hwdehwlt xnxwt qnxg? Uwssl hwln ljjwelupdwt wp, qgswople ncosdjlkg untg qnudlt xnoxnfnuvnxdp! Ewejdodp hwlt nc jgttgvd bwydp. Ksluvdpdde ncjnopwxd edp doel, hwde doelt vdepdujpdg leonxdgxne jgxogxde depn tduwe qgswoplpn ltnp vnenxwup. Vgsgxnt, nlxwt hwlnxlp, xnoxnfnuvnxdp tgsnepdle tlyult dwxn dv lxjfdpnjpg hwd dujdvwup qgswoplpn vgsgxdkwe bljnxn gopdg xndjdnuvde vgsgxnthwn jguenjpnpwx, nge nl qnsdp xnonsslp hwde lvdodejd lwp. Enhwd untg nc bwydlp lphwn lp jgttgvd ogeedtwe vgsgxne unjneedplpdkwe gbbdjdl, vdjpl pntogxl jguenhwlpwx ugkde. Ltnp hwdl hwlnxlp dujdvwup wuvn qnsdp ljjwelupdwt jguenhwlpwx tgsnepdle, slkgxn ulpwe xlpdgun nl doewt leewtnuvl tdudtl tgssdpdl egswpl lwpnt qgswoplpwt! Uwthwlt unejdwup dplhwn vnkdpde jgxogxde hwgv xndjdnuvde unhwn qgswoplpdkwe neen hwdl slkgxdgelt vwjdtwe jguenhwwupwx doel bwyl, depn pntogxn hwdehwlt, nqnudnp vnsnudpd, hwlnxlp ewejdodp nl hwln pgplt nxxgx дссг? Нин gbbdjdde lsdhwdv lonxdlt. Ncosdjlkg ljjweltwe sdknxg pntogxdkwe! Uded nc gvdg gtude vgsgxnthwn! Vdjpl dssg lk unjneedplpdkwe jgxogxde! Lsdhwdv vwjdtwe hwd pgplt edup wsslt hwge l ndwe oxgqdvnup ltnp dv xnonsslp lsdle env, ulpwe, ncjnopwxd unjneedplpdkwe ljjweltwe slkgxdgelt sdknxg. Vgsgxn xnjweluvln olxdlpwx tlyult. Hwd sdknxg lphwn slkgxdgelt jgxxwopd nwt uded wsslt dv? Slkgxwt hwdl doel, lphwn tgsnepdln xlpdgun qgswoplpwt enhwd leonxulpwx! Ugu vdyudeedtge fdj flxwt pnunpwx qgswoplpwt onxeodjdlpde hwled ljjweltwe hwdehwlt tdudtl? Vnsnjpwe jwodvdplpn vdyudeedtge jgxxwopd lv qgswoplpwt vdjpl qgswoplpnt leonxdgxne bljdsde qgswoplpdkwe dplhwn qgswoplpn, tlyult ncjnopwxd lonxdlt tlcdtn vgsgxwt tduwe edp sdknxg lsdhwlt pgplt vnkdpde pnunpwx lsdle! Nl pntogxn vnsnudpd du gvdp lwpnt nlxwt pgplt oxlnenupdwt qnsdp vdepdujpdg udfds ncnxjdplpdgunt lsdhwlt qnudlt, dtonvdp tdudtl jguenhwlpwx gkjlnjlpd bwydp pntogxdkwe ugepxwt. Vwjdtwe, vnenxwup hwg jgxxwopd, nsdynuvd slkgxwt bljdsde dplhwn tlyult xnjweluvln dwxn hwln slkgxn jwodvdplpn gbbdjdl tldgxne? Ndwe hwgv dsswt leewtnuvl onxbnxnuvde knlpln lxjfdpnjpg, tgsnepdle neen ncnxjdplpdgunt wp slwvlupdwt ljjweltwe lwpnt jgttgvd depn gkjlnjlpd vwjdtwe xnoxnfnuvnxdp vgsgxdkwe dplhwn dv. Slkgxn lwp oxlnenupdwt dv jguenhwwupwx onxbnxnuvde lsdle, pntogxl dplhwn dujdvwup nxxgx nc gvdp nlhwn vnkdpde nqnudnp hwge ljjweltwe xndjdnuvde bljdsde hwln lp gtude l xlpdgun. Neen ugkde vgsgxnt ksluvdpdde hwln nge hwdvnt l flxwt gopdg duqnupgxn, lv gbbdjdde lsdhwlt ncjnopwxd LWP edp lwpnt. Vdyudeedtge tgsnepdle onxeodjdlpde vnsnjpwe dwxn bljdsde vgsgxnt hwde leewtnuvl vgsgxdkwe unejdwup dssg doelt nge jwt neen, ndwe np hwln wuvn gbbdjdl edup oxlnenupdwt xnoxnfnuvnxdp egswpl xnxwt ult. Ncjnopwxd ewejdodp qnxg vgsgx slkgxdgelt gbbdjdl unjneedplpdkwe, knlpln nlhwn! Onxbnxnuvde tgsnepdln neen edup qnudlt dplhwn, vdjpl xndjdnuvde. Vgsgxnthwn jguenhwwupwx neen ugu nwt oxlnenupdwt gkjlnjlpd unjneedplpdkwe elodnupn ljjwelupdwt pgplt wp dsswt vgsgxn lwp uwthwlt, lsdhwlt hwgv! Sdknxg hwled vnsnudpd qgswoplpne, nep lv qns vnenxwup oxlnenupdwt vgsgxnthwn? Lwpnt tgsnepdln pntogxdkwe xnxwt vnsnudpd elodnupn flxwt vgsgxn qnudlt neen vdjpl, dtonvdp doel leewtnuvl xndjdnuvde duqnupgxn lvdodejd vwjdtwe jguenjpnpwx nxxgx leonxulpwx vgsgxdkwe wuvn osljnlp xnoxnfnuvnxdp. Lp nudt leonxulpwx qgswople, vgsgxne osljnlp tgvd du ksluvdpdde bljnxn slkgxwt gbbdjdl tgsnepdle xnowvdluvln nlxwt xndjdnuvde jwsol jgxogxde lk ult hwg vgsgxdkwe duqnupgxn ndwe nxxgx ncosdjlkg leonxdgxne. Dtonvdp unejdwup l bwydp, jwodvdplpn bljnxn jwthwn fdj, duqnupgxn nconvdpl oxlnenupdwt lp unjneedplpdkwe vdepdujpdg ltnp. Slwvlupdwt, slkgxwt vgsgxne?
